There you go with those damn gotcha questions again! 1
Your grandfather is literally as bad as the fascists for using violence to fight fascists 1
Why not a Muslim too? 1
It's nice to see politicians playing a game of chess with the health and wellfare of millions of people in their districts to push their political and religious ideologies. 1
Thankfully congress is controlled by the democrats 1
What a man of the people 1
But he invented the Internet. 1
No they are just standing up against the murderous Clintons who shamefully tried to discredit them. 1
Where ever it leads it'll be designed by a man and be built by illegal immigrants 1
But we already did when we elected King Obama! 1
Trump doesn't smoke 1
But the governor said he wasn't a muslim! 1
Obama was. 1
Yeah that sounds like something reasonable to hope for. 1
I'm sure these groups will cool down after election day 1
You forgot the 1
The vigilence of conspiracy nuts in watching kept *them* from going through with that stuff.... 1
Glad to see reddit caring about the issues that really matter. 1
Great move considering the trends in Utah 1
The officials of those communities might be ISIS members because we know Christians would never do this to each other. 1
upvoted because I get sarcasm that doesn't need the 1
Yeah we prefer our representatives just refuse to hold votes in the first place 1
Only the lesbians 1
He's so consistent! 1
But if I disagree with them their obviously an idiotic buffoon who blundered their way to success. 1
That's out of context! 1
Remove the supers so he can win! 1
but but but people are rudse and out of line.... 1
Yep we all remember how much a 3 world country new mexico was when he was governor. 1
Oh man you totally nailed that sheeple's puritan sensibilities brobro! 1
Meek Mill 1
"But.. it's the **""BernieBros""** that are the ones bad at math!" 1
YOU SHOULD FEEL THE BERN! 1
PROVE THE RUSSIANS DIDNT WRITE THE EMAILS 1
wow your comment isn't oozing with thinly veiled racism. 1
"""It's a statistical tie!!!111!!""" 1
Did you drop this? 1
Sure they will... 1
Seems legit. 1
Well thank goodness they're not socialists... That makes me feel soo much better :p 1
I'm doing alright and it's not like it's *my* congressman that's the problem. 1
What a loving mother. 1
You read non-biased articles about them I'm sure? 1
The j00s obviously 1
Because Denmark doesn't have issues at all with immigration and the integration of Muslim peoples 1
Smart 1
but trump is going to fix the corruption! 1
He's just being smart. 1
Too bad we don't have any tape of all the crazy shit he's been saying for the past two years. 1
I'm for it. 1
Gotta love how they spin this to talk about who hacked them rather than the content of the emails. 1
I like how the only conservative esque comment gets down voted into oblivion. 1
Oooh burn! 1
Because birth control NEVER fails. 1
She clearly doesn't get her dad's humor... 1
Yeah all of this blind pro-Sanders media is getting out of hand. 1
Well said. 1
And has tweeted almost daily about not caring about the popular vote....yep definitely over it 1
Maybe she's a native born strawberry picker 1
Smells like freedom 1
It couldn't have been from decades of intense suppression that caused people to rise up. 1
And taking advantage of that cheap housing is just called good business! 1
You must be at the wrong bar. 1
Bill could just email her the records from the briefings. 1
Well thank goodness we didn't elect Hillary Clinton and her highly regarded charity that helps people with HIV! 1
It must have been that tax cut for the rich..... Good thing the new GOP House majority is focusing on job creation. 1
Bunch of SJWs know it was her fault anyway for going out dressed like that! 1
Yea because he does that so much 1
You forget that the ONLY jobs that are being taken are the jobs that Americans don't want anyway 1
Yea Bernie's plans have nothing of substance. 1
But it has nothing to do with racism. 1
Economists are well known as extremely accurate election pickers. 1
Well it's a good thing we have all these Voter ID laws in place to prevent stuff like this from happening. 1
It's obvious his time with Monsanto had nothing to do with his decision. 1
Nah man this is the end of his campaign 1
No brakes! 1
you mean negging her to get laid ? 1
You forgot your 1
Surely this will be her undoing! 1
That makes him smart. 1
We should arrest them all. 1
You forgot your 1
Because Genocide is fun 1
Just like Saudi king 1
Benghazi was pretty much nuclear warfare 1
What's the point of not giving a fuck if you can't tell people? 1
I think you dropped this. 1
well she's always under investigation! 1
So we obviously shouldn't write to our congressperson because then they would have a written and signed record of our dissent. 1
Its for comments like these that i avoid the 1
Safety nets are for losers 1
I am sure there weren't any black churches that preached for Obama. 1
I don't understand why people keep on labeling Rush as propaganda. 1
I guess the rest of the world is having such a tough time hiring young women right? 1
Is this where they're building those FEMA camps I've heard so much about? 1
You'll have the choice of taking an hour or two off of work to pick up your vehicle registration or paying the $15 delivery fee for UPS to bring it to you - it's all about choices people. 1
Well that's just good business. 1
More like Adolf Hitler 1
I heard he has 8th stage super-multiple-parkinsons-sclerosis 1
All of you are conspiratards 1
OH NO NOT THE C WORD 1
Not everyone is born with a silver magic wand in their hand. 1
Glad he is continuing to use our tax dollars wisely! 1
Spoken like someone with an open mind. 1
M. Night Shamalayan twist: it was deleted to protect gay people from being raped by Uber drivers. 1
What an awful lady 1
"""Vast Right Wing Conspiracy""...all the numerous Clinton scandals...each and every single last one of them." 1
white men are the most discriminated against 1
Every time you call Obama a boy an angel gets its wings. 1
Worked for Hostess 1
"Well if they had ""nothing to hide.""" 1
But don't you know Trump reality is real reality? 1
Only rednecks are. 1
It's essential that those who determine public policy have their values rooted in supernatural belief. 1
He doesn't agree with me on every issue which makes him evil and crazy 1
Because impeaching Clinton sure neutered him! 1
you are doing a great job of that so far 1
The ''fat'' in the title is really what convinced me of her hypocrisy. 1
You've clearly put your finger on the most relevant part of this story. 1
And just think of all the tax subsidies we could provide to the 1% if we could just get those entitlement junkies to stop eating. 1
I thought they didn't have nukes? 1
Yeah but who in america cares about black people LOL 1
You have to have had a really bad haircut to understand why this is important 1
s/ I feel safer already. 1
"What's a ""blackberry""?" 1
I think they did this to help the push for a single payer system. 1
Isn't that the lady who roasted Justin beiber? 1
I bet those 10 votes MASSIVELY turned that election in her favor. 1
He had a chance? 1
mind=blown! 1
This just proves that education has a liberal bias. 1
But...but religion and science can coexist! 1
The donation to her campaign came AFTER she dropped the charges so its legit...... silly liberals. 1
Fox 'news' will give you good information. 1
They can move to the South Side... 1
"I think they mean he likes ""real"" food like KFC and McDonald's instead of that icky gluten-free organic free-range cage-free sustainably-grown vegan slop that ""pussies"" call food." 1
3 day old account definitely not suspicious 1
Trump said they have a good record though regarding the truth to their stories! 1
Just ask Obama to turn it off. 1
It's too bad we don't have records of what medical care was like before and after Medicare was enacted... 1
"Now now; that sets a ""negative tone""." 1
BUZZZ.... You have both been fined one SRS demerit 1
Obviousl McCain is on the take and enjoys cheese pizza and ping pong. 1
I should have added the 1
Then why bother 1
But America is the only good country on earth 1
yeah right - and she's actually an early 90s republican.... 1
Pfft since when does a president need to know anything about foreign countries anyway? 1
Just Elect him president and he'll be about of your hair soon! 1
You dropped this.... 1
He's Muslim? 1
I'm not sure but I think you dropped this - 1
BUT BUT BUT HE DIDNT FIX EVERYTHING EVER 1
So your mad that we turned our greatest enemy into an ally? 1
It's because it isn't news 1
Maybe they just didn't pay her enough then. 1
She loses by getting less votes than her opponent. 1
And there's no way they'd ever fake those numbers... 1
I'm sure it was medicinal cocaine. 1
Totally over reacting 1
"Depends on your definition of ""corrected""" 1
yeah i am sure we all feel real sorry for dumb ass joe and his 'fight'... 1
Dick Cheney. 1
You expect them to walk like common riffraff? 1
How did the rigged districts elect Walker... 1
got my black helicopter and and fema transportation bins ready 1
The one against Pakistan when he had to invade to get Osama bin Laden. 1
And we all know steroid users are known for their *great* judgement 1
I totally hate that magnificent alpha bastard! 1
But we don't like this guy so it's okay! 1
Yeah exactly 1
"Like Lay's... ""You Can't Eat Just One""." 1
Well maybe that's what he's planning to spend all the donated money for 1
She's more of an *abuela*. 1
Obviously that was a plot to prevent them from being able to say they are tax payers. 1
You forgot you're 1
YOU RINO! 1
Workers losing overtime pay is part of making America great again. 1
That's a good way to look at something where people's livelihoods and standard of living might be affected. 1
sounds like a great way to run an administration. 1
What kind of warzone do you live in that you assume someone with lots of pipe is out to get you and not a plumber? 1
Good thing he got to it in a timely manner 1
Who says the Republicans aren't able to recruit new members? 1
I'm actually inclined to agree with him at this point. 1
"These got ""leaked"": 1. on a friday night 2. after hillary already beat bernie 3. directly following a bombshell 2005 clip of trump trashing women gets dropped yeah I'm sure the clinton campaign are in total panic mode and totally didn't leak this themselves" 1
Wow great title. 1
I agree - ignoring it would help her campaign the most. 1
"That saying would involve ""black"" and the republicans don't want any of those in their America." 1
Foreclosures are up because these home owners are either lazy or crooks or both. 1
You Romney/Obama war lovers are the pinnacle of civilization. 1
How patriotic! 1
We should actually make homophobia and anti-semitism a requirement for immigration. 1
Good thing because I was shaking in my boots. 1
I hate when police arrest someone for committing a crime. 1
"Apparently you have to be racist ""in your heart"" to be really racist; only God can judge her." 1
And as a result Obama is a Kenyan Soshulit who is gonna take all our guns and is working with the UN to destroy Amerika! 1
So glad we don't have conspiacy nuts on the left. 1
Her first action will be to put herself back on the banking committee 1
they hate our freeedums. 1
That is because only white people can be racist. 1
So much man-splaining in that campaign 1
Understanding the context surrounding things is for losers. 1
damned communist corporate owned media! 1
We should make them all wear big gold crescent moons as well 1
Has he not heard about all the secret Trump voters that are going to come out in droves to vote for him? 1
My hero. 1
Happy Labor Day! 1
And nobody dies of old age either. 1
No guns? 1
But I care about the corporations! 1
Yeah cause only Caucasian people deserve to be judges... 1
Gotta love how stable the middle east has become! 1
No because criticizing a woman groper is totally liberal tears. 1
They just bog down a good newscast anyway. 1
Yay for forcing your own religious ethics and morals on other people! 1
... it's completely acceptable to tell them to die 1
And just where do you think we're going to get the funding for chastity belts? 1
Central planning 1
The police asked you questions: you're guilty. 1
I wonder why anyone would distrust Hillary when she says she will push for an amendment to overturn Citizens United in her first 30 days. 1
Cause them damn immigrants will come in and take our schools! 1
"It's as ""unreasonable"" as MLK Jr's ""I have a dream"" - and we all know how that turned out" 1
Mexicans are taking the jobs we dont want though... 1
People who don't have jobs aren't people; problem solved. 1
it worked in every other communist nation 1
God knows it was sooo much easier back when the women knew their place and the darkies were property. 1
He really won me over by defunding PP and suggesting a government department of Judeo-Christian values. 1
Yeah let's just get over the fact that the president is a complete fucking manchild 1
Fortunately they are too old for him 1
India's had a lot of presidents yo. 1
Democrats angered again by themselves not doing the same thing better than the enemy. 1
I bet he even has Mexican ancestry so he can't be fair to Trump. 1
Well that's just nutjob conspiracy talk. 1
You forgot the 1
That's working out for us bigly in Illinois. 1
yeah and Clinton can TOTALLY be trusted with classified info 1
Knock her up and then give the kid up for adoption? 1
he did but thats a lie because of socialism. 1
i hope you forgot your 1
probably going to be Russia because of a no-fly zone in Syria yay 1
But both sides do it! 1
You are a fucking ingrate for not appreciating that meal! 1
A couple of references would be fucking nice! 1
It's his God-given right 1
Because real estate is rocket science. 1
But reducing pollution means telling someone they can't pollute which is communism 1
I'm sure that was just her covering up another mini-stroke. 1
I prefer Mayors who don't let their city get attacked by terrorists. 1
I'm a true American; I act first and think of the consequences later. 1
Yeah best to cover them all in sheets and pretend we aren't sexual beings. 1
I think you forgot the 1
"Oh boy it sounds like lying bossy Hillary finally ""snapped""." 1
I wonder where they would have gotten that impression? 1
What is good for the goose is good for the gander. 1
Which is why they were growing the economy and creating tons of jobs during the bush administration 1
Lies 1
Yep which is why the Occupy movement was oh so supported by the right 1
Saying stuff like that is why Trump won. 1
Nuclear winter will nip that pesky global warming in the bud. 1
because the liberal media ... 1
Didn't you see the frontpage Podesta is a satanist 1
Yeah but they want to fuck one of the incompetents so it is ok! 1
You mean Brexit wasn't a good idea in the long or short run? 1
These are clearly people who would be doing this even if he hadn't run. 1
"I'd rather have my money go to ""Sports Fees"" than ""Student Safety fees""." 1
but water views raise the value of your property... be thankful 1
Because getting a call on my smartphone in the wee hours of the AM or spam just *so* makes me want that product 1
Why don't poor people just make more money? 1
The badge prevents accidents. 1
It's nice to see that all that hard work done by those really pleasant conservative fellows is finally paying off. 1
Kind of like how CNN has a sterling reputation as a media organization as of late. 1
But I thought corporate tax rates were too high? 1
But then these poor American workers might end up having brown employers. 1
Well we dont know what its like to be poor! 1
How can you vote for someone who personally killed Vince Foster? 1
Dont need education for kids if we just draft them anyway! 1
That's because 9/11 was an inside job 1
Pretty sure you missed the invisible 1
"i think it is pretty obvious the answer to that is ""correctional officials""." 1
Hey we all know the way to create Jobs is through tax breaks to the rich.job creators who will in turn give us high paying jobs. 1
Maybe the LGBT folks should just stop being gay! 1
I'm sure its a coincidence. 1
Seems legit. 1
Because representing the will of the people is socialist 1
Anyone who wants to raise my taxes! 1
nice to see that you have an open mind and are willing to have a discussion. 1
Obama administration added 1.5 million names to US terrorist watch list *for freedom* 1
Hilary Clinton had 30 years to fix this! 1
this explains why the USPS put fedex and UPS out of business. 1
That liberal rag 1
Isn't that what any reasonable person without brain damage would do? 1
But she asked the banks nicely to stop playing chicken with the economy 1
Wrongest! 1
SJW IDENTITY POLITICS SAME AS IF YOU PUT WHITE NOT RACIST MAGA YOU LOST 1
Yeah seriously because Maria Cantwell isn't awesome at all. 1
What did Hillary ever do to make everyone hate her so much? 1
You friend is not favored by God. 1
I'm sure this hit piece will be the one to take down Trump 1
But...but...I thought a corporation was an individual. 1
WOW WHAT A HERO 1
If only her son hadn't married that slut! 1
Good guy government: Knows you can't back up everything you post on the internet Stores it for you anyways 1
That didn't look like anything to me. 1
But the pyramids are used to store grain! 1
Are you saying fracking is literally Hitler? 1
Says who? 1
Obviously the problem here is the whole jury of his peers thing. 1
You have to draw the line somewhere I guess. 1
Yes everything is a distraction organized by the government.... 1
But it's all the evil Democrats' faults for blocking him in Congress 1
Maybe they just aren't working hard enough. 1
"Just ""New York"" values again..." 1
Probably so 1
Masha'Allah. 1
Can I do the volunteer work on twitter? 1
So Bush Jr was a Democrat then? 1
Na you are not a True Christian (TM)... your one of those fake Christians that believes in socialist stuff like feeding the hungry and not dropping bombs on Muslims. 1
The dirty esjay-doubleyou thought police have gone too far! 1
Thats... Thats almost deplorable! 1
Well she founded it so I would guess she supports it. 1
Is that a bad investment? 1
It was a bank robbery. 1
Corporations are people my friend. 1
I know from first hand experience that the non-fancy parts of the plane are simply a sea of debauchery... cause you know we are the unclean masses you never have to come into contact with... it's cause we are stupid and unwashed.... thank God (the God of poor not your rich God) someone said something... 1
It's just the liberal media/court system/moderators/reality bias trying to undermine a heroic American. 1
Thank god Trump was saved 1
you forgot your 1
Because the middle east was a beacon of stability prior to the Iraq invasion in 2003. 1
The third one is on foreign policy but I'm sure that Trump is spending every free moment he has studying for that one so that he has a command of the subject. 1
'cuz cities are full of degenerates. 1
Cause he's a winner. 1
but that was different 1
You mean these white boys living in their parents basements don't have their finger on the pulse of the black community? 1
actually being progressive 1
Yeah but who care about that because there is a riot so now all complaints are void 1
He's friends with Hillary that is all you need to know 1
It's not our fault the only candidate you had deserves to be in prison. 1
Thank you for your vigilance in correcting the record. 1
He must have really hated Christmas then. 1
I for one wish all decisions were made on which powerpoint presentation was better. 1
Downvotes=Communist Censorship 1
I prefer solar panels made by Solyndra... 1
That's EXACTLY like getting shot at! 1
Paul Ryan is a RINO Liberal! 1
Her posture was atrocious as well. 1
so the lawsuit currently under way which alleges that over 1 million ballets in CA where not counted has not impact? 1
He's a successful businessman and he says a lot of things that I agree with. 1
So let's vote for the corrupt businessman! 1
Maybe Putin wants to help his good bud Benito tRUMP.. after all they got along great when Benito brought the beauty pageant to Mother Russia.... 1
Don't you mean the Latino KKK? 1
Just pick yourself up by the bootstraps. 1
He was the most qualified candidate with 4 years of mayoral experience. 1
totally unbiased source I believe it. 1
This is only a routine security review... I don't know what the big deal is 1
That'd be great if only Ron Paul wasn't A CHRISTIAN! 1
Clinton will be done if this happens 1
Bernie had less votes but he should still win! 1
But that would mean job killing regulations! 1
Because not giving illegals free stuff is racist. 1
With Google Facts^TM you never have to worry about fake news again! 1
Well everyone else IS stupid but me... 1
I believe every word you say. 1
I optimistically read the parent comment with a trailing 1
Are these kind of posts allowed in this sub? 1
I guess I dropped the 1
Ya; threaten the British people that want to exit the EU; I'm sure that'll work out great for you... 1
If I had papers in front of me I'd be able to tell you why you're wrong. 1
You'd all just be falling for Dawood Ibrahim's ploy to convert the US to Islam by making people register as Muslim in protest. 1
F 1
You forgot this: 1
Teenage girls have a very easy time leaving the state for extended periods to get healthcare. 1
That's a bomb 1
You forgot the 1
"because the people who are asking us ""common folk"" to do this really consider the moral consequence of their actions" 1
This is hard hitting journalism at it's finest 1
Because allowing the free market to starve them all is a better choice. 1
But it wasnt his turn 1
Illegal means they're from a place I dont like! 1
"That's because he didn't write down what he said ... ""Read my lips ... *know* new taxes""" 1
It's a security inquiry.... not an investigation. 1
DAE clinton haters live under rocks? 1
Obviously he was a political sacrifice to keep us sheeple thinking things are alright! 1
Ah yes - that's the kind of short-termism that made the US what it is today! 1
Hasn't stopped Obama 1
Yea only poor people can protest peacefully 1
Damn that democracy idea making the unwashed masses think they can influence our plutocracy! 1
Oh I am certain that no dirt exists on Donald. 1
He said the i-word! 1
That is a well reasoned argument and cannot be refuted. 1
Yeah because the birther thing is real 1
I'm sure it will all sort itself out once the insurers can cross state lines. 1
Women amirite? 1
"""Nobody NEEDS a drone to hunt""" 1
I saw at least 1 black guy in that picture idk what you guys are all upset about 1
"you mean ""policy wonk""" 1
Are you trying to tell me more people smoke weed than people watch football?astonishing. 1
You mean to tell me that a political party not being completely neutral in an election isn't considered controversial? 1
"Don't forget that we have a far left-wing ""socialist"" as President." 1
Like a fuckin' tsunami. 1
They forgot the 1
Yeah - fuck the middle class! 1
yes because people finding out trump's people did this would have no backlash and would really boost them. 1
Because she's a Clinton and laws only apply to peons like Snowden 1
but apple stuff just worksTM! 1
What an amazing story. 1
and still we had a crises...clearly it is working 1
You missed a 1
You forgot this 1
I'm so glad we're going to have leaders who can take criticism and deal with adversity. 1
Maybe Obama showed him his Kenyan birth certificate? 1
"""I will not reinstate glass steagall and I have a better plan than these guys for wall street"" What makes you think she doesn't plan to get out of wall street?" 1
HAHAHAHAH YEAH THAT'S WHAT THE COUNTRY GETS FOR NOT VOTING BERNIE! 1
Forgot the 1
perhaps if that is that the real Tim Kaine ....the other one was turned into a zombie by Hillary 1
Because only rich people should get higher education 1
Always 1
But he was mansplaining all over Hillary 1
You dropped this 1
well then clearly you are a corporatist shill! 1
Shouldn't we only care about Pence's return since he'll be the acting president anyway? 1
You clearly know so much about every Bernie supporter 1
Stop US citizens from entering the US. 1
Can we stop bashing the job-creators here? 1
Obviously they are telling us that the odds are stacked against Bernie and we need to fight harder to defeat the evil establishment! 1
Awesome sarcasm! 1
But Comney is obviously a shill when he said the 3 classified emails she had were labeled incorrectly. 1
But it is just a chicken sandwich! 1
Judges are known to have a liberal bias 1
But I thought Trumpetes hated safe spaces! 1
newburyportnews is where I go to get an opinion. 1
I think you dropped this: 1
But then how are we gonna overthrew our government if it becomes tyrannical? 1
Exactly 1
Anything that can't be expressed in 140 characters or less isn't worth knowing. 1
The Republican legislators probably want instructions on how to poison people in their own states. 1
these are obviously lies from the lame stream media. 1
B..b...but... #AL GORE 1
She's more of a New Yorker than Bernie 1
He was just doing God's work 1
CLINTON EYES TURNING RED = HILLARY IS A DEMON CONFIRMED 1
Compromise is only something the dirty liberals would think up. 1
Racist! 1
Typical liberal media bias! 1
Yeah I'm sure that they would be happy with a violent black man. 1
Good retort 1
"""Huffington Post"" Really credible news source you have there!" 1
O how nonbiased of you! 1
I'm sure Gregory will ask the hard-hitting questions. 1
It's not like his surrogates have been talking about his infidelity and blaming it on Hillary all day or anything 1
Something something lame duck president. 1
My paycheck says otherwise. 1
We won't get fooled again! 1
Because as long as they are killed with a baseball bat or a knive it's alright. 1
Well the god emperor was benevolent enough to lay with the common folk of course it's news! 1
But how will this cure racism? 1
Yeah losing your job and that's it seems a reasonable punishment for making some false charges trying to destroy an innocent guys life 1
lol... you are just worried we are all going to flee north. 1
balanced too. 1
Oh you mean that's not comparable to the Hunger Games? 1
What an edgy and unpopular opinion to have Gary 1
A VOTE FOR THIRD PARTY IS A VOTE FOR HITLER REEEEEEEEEEEEEE 1
Oh shit I never thought about that 1
Jesus Christ please tell me you forgot the 1
but we just can't afford that 0% interest we'd pay on those infrastructure improvements 1
Wow...I was a little skeptical until I noticed this was reported on WEASELZIPPERS.US. 1
Yup none of these cases were legit and all these small business owners and contractors were just too dumb to get a lawyer. 1
Dishonest liberal media! 1
I am sure that everyone here will actually read the TPP before coming to an informed decision! 1
Sounds like they were leeches counting on 'big government' to save them. 1
You make a very intelligent comment. 1
She should be investigated for being a Canadian spy! 1
What an amazingly unbiased and fact based reason! 1
For the same reason split custody is always 51% mom and 49% dad? 1
They're not poor unless they are from pre-1970 China! 1
Nah dude they're just uninformed. 1
Great endorsement! 1
Bernie's just hanging around in case Hillary gets assassinated 1
I'm sure it was just an innocent mistake. 1
Both parties are the same 1
So the money spent by Bush on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan should be attributed to Clinton because his administration didn't establish an intelligence agency that could have prevented 9/11? 1
Just like Obama was able to convince the nation that his healthcare law was in their best interests and they welcomed it with open arms and soaring approval ratings. 1
You mean the 28th? 1
Conspiracy by Planned Parenthood. 1
Because no people on the far left *ever* criticize Obama for his corporatism and his administration's failure to push forward on issues of civil liberties. 1
Yes because rabid foaming at the mouth trump supporters would never threaten anyone 1
Threatening people by menancing around their political office with guns is okay and just planning to blow up Muslim families is fine because it was stopped. 1
Thankfully not into the gas pump behind the dangerous negr- I mean black man. 1
Looks like time proved you right. 1
school is a communist propaganda machine 1
emails. 1
How does this guys still have an account? 1
You mean by taking people's hard-earned money at gunpoint to pay for cushy government jobs? 1
The disabled need to take personal responsibility for being disabled 1
Because Americans are constantly being killed in Islamic terrorist activities... 1
But it's a gateway drug! 1
What is the Constitution?...... 1
You misspelled rapists. 1
Thanks! 1
They are an existential threat 1
Bernie or DIETM right? 1
No because blacks can't be racist against whites. 1
Doesn't everybody? 1
Obviously that's because God is American. 1
but im a pessimist baaaaaaawwwwwwwww we arent gonna win why would it matter to me baaaawwwwwwwwwwwww 1
Its not terrorism if the United States blows up civilians because they're mad at the country they come from. 1
It's a marketing stunt for House of Cards season 3. 1
What a valid argument about her qualifications 1
Personal freedom and balanced budgets are surely ideas of little minds! 1
Get a job! 1
well this is clearly the fault of black people and their racism 1
Still his fault. 1
cant join the melting pot without first experiencing 1000C temperatures! 1
class warfare maybe. 1
Yeah Bush personally piloted all the bombers to ensure no children died from US involvement in the middle east 1
Which is why they're running on the most liberal platform in history. 1
Fucking Anglo-Saxons - they are the worst 1
That's a shocker. 1
Can't be she is a dem 1
"That is the flag of the ""Twue Patriots""" 1
Not if they remarry 1
Yup there are no hospitals in rural areas 1
But white people can't be terrorists! 1
The American dream 1
"Maybe the word ""relationship"" means something different to the good Doctor" 1
Yeah the best thing for working class Americans is for a con man like Trump who shipped jobs overseas to get into office 1
You are so intolerant! 1
They won't won't even run stealth libertarians as both Democratic and Republican. 1
You forgot the 1
She can just sell the painting of herself she bought with that cash. 1
They would have won if only they were MORE conservative... 1
but statistics... 1
Oh well as long as it's in the guidelines then it's all A-OK! 1
He was giving those children solid work skills and the ability to get a job when they get out of school. 1
She would run on a platform of hope and change 1
"They sound so intimidating with their ""we are"" memes..." 1
Oh that is brilliant. 1
It's okay because we live in a male dominated society. 1
Just like all the bank presidents that went to jail for the financial crisis. 1
Had to check post history to determine whether 1
Why don't you get a full time job? 1
Yeah privatization always leads to greater transparency. 1
You and your fancy pants science! 1
Truly something to be proud of! 1
The law of Russia 1
YOU STUPID SJW ITS MY FREE SPEECH TO CALL ROSIE ODONNEL A FAT PIG BITCH BECAUSE SHE IS ONE YOU CANT TELL ME THATS WRONG TO SAY 1
But they're all without sin so it's cool. 1
Amazing how simple it really is! 1
Oh China 1
Against Obama.... because HE forced him to do this. 1
Because everyone knows that having 16 opponents is easier than 1 opponent 1
You'd be surprised at all of the Canadian cartels that find a way to influence Vermonter's everyday lives. 1
Not to mention all those people she assassinated 1
"Truly an ""art of a deal""" 1
Omg guyz hillary is totez innocent! 1
Yes anyone not willing to read or believe right wing/GOP propaganda must be bad 1
Yep so cutting taxes for the wealthy is the obvious answer right? 1
But Obama hates the military 1
You forgot the 1
He dropped an 1
She either did or did not delete e-mails and that makes me furious enough to make up fake war propaganda. 1
He's probably waiting to see if Trump does something erratic first 1
I guess that's why all the candidates are slipping Purple Hearts into their coat pockets...the sense of entitlement that is natural and normal during a political campaign. 1
"The ""Giant Douche and Turd Sandwich"" episode of South Park really speaks to my moral and intellectual superiority." 1
I'm sick of this entitled generation. 1
I'd expect such statements about race and ethnicity...from a NAZI! 1
Well they'll stop being embarrassed and come out of hiding in November to write down what they're privately and anonymously afraid to admit over the phone 1
yeah but what about all of the hardworking people who have more than 250k in the bank 1
I think you're missing the 1
its not like the people voted on it or anythin 1
"It's just a couple more ""mis truths"" what's the big deal guys?" 1
Yeah fuck our economy so long as backwards racist bigot hillbillies get the fuck out! 1
since she was president and all. 1
that would be different. 1
Muslims are peaceful but make sure they feel welcome or they could kill you. 1
Abortion and gay rights are the most important things we face today. 1
Withholding aid has been successful in getting North Korea and Cuba to change their ways also. 1
And people who think that Capitalism is bad and workers need to seize the means of productions aren't necessarily Marxists. 1
This is tyranny in it's purest form 1
And here I thought the country was getting less sexist. 1
Sometime after 69 and 72? 1
Because the free market is always best 1
And Stein was so close! 1
(((Soros))) 1
And you come off as the voice of wisdom and fairness. 1
Yet if you support trump you're a racist homophobe 1
But the 30 caliber clip magazines and assault pistol grips make a firearm so much more scary and efficient at eliminating babies and ethnic minorities! 1
But corporations *are* people! 1
Because terrorism is civilized 1
Because it matters so much more than our sick corrupted democracy! 1
I'm sure the billionaires will make up for the tax increase by giving those affected middle class earners yuge pay increases. 1
But remember.. both parties are the same 1
Took the words right out of my mouth. 1
"""but sheriff badges are totally fine!""" 1
You're just racist 1
She is so evil how can anyone vote for her 1
Freeloaders! 1
I'm sure Obama's ongoing drone program and the thousands of civilian casualties it has created has *nothing* to do with creating more terrorists. 1
The law is so unfair to us white people. 1
Don't trash this echo chamber's last hope for a presidency with your nonsense 1
You don't need science to kill brown people 1
Right... and Kasich shouldn't have dropped out because he won Ohio 1
Should have put the 1
Just means we get the limited edition cover! 1
At least he covered all bases then. 1
You forgot 1
She and Goldman Sachs Goldwater Girl are going to bring about Wall Street Reform .... it's going to be epic 1
You're a terrible person and morally corrupt! 1
And that makes him smart! 1
And state officials really need those! 1
What a travesty 1
Well I hope Hillary and all her supporters get anal fissures after Harambe rapes them 1
Just stop standing up for what you believe in! 1
What a straightforward and unbiased title. 1
but it's so original and funny! 1
Not as much as I like endless wars of aggression. 1
Guys its only been an hour maybe it will make it to the front page 1
You dropped this: 1
Posting facts is why Trump won 1
Which then implemented austerity-- as per Paul Krugman's recommendation 1
So that makes it okay? 1
You know... his positions. 1
well he does control the internet or something 1
Ya so glad they let us pick between those two 1
*Breaking news: Gun shop owner gets license revoked for racism* 1
OMG NWO! 1
remember Trump is the peace candidate 1
Don't worry I am sure Jeff Sessions will keep Trump in check and will prosecute him if he violates the constitution. 1
It's Grandpa Bernie dammit! 1
DO NOT QUESTION THE HIVE MIND! 1
Get out of here with your weak ass context and real perspective! 1
Seems like maybe its part of some Master Plan.... 1
It's her turn. 1
So... Three presidents... What an amazing statistic 1
Who would have thought a conman would con half of the American public? 1
It's OK I'm sure the media will pick this story up and get this into the headlines to prove there've been some really under-handed tactics employed by her campaign. 1
BUT HES BLACK YOU RACIST 1
But don't forget that both parties are the same. 1
Large scale racism only exists when it's institutionalized 1
What a clear and un-opinionated piece by a medical professional that concentrated on the medical facts of the situation and not by pandering the same old shit. 1
There are two sides therefore both sides are equally to blame 1
Maybe we need some trickledown bootstraps to fix all these lazy poor people 1
Obama must be a Russian spy then 1
Because she's totally a youtube star! 1
Then you'll be thrilled to look into the Trump budget and see the fiscal conservatism he espouses 1
Is Israel's right also anti-semitic? 1
Yeah angry mobs are always a positive force 1
Well I sure didn't see this endorsement coming. 1
I see SO much tolerance for people of different ideas and opinions from progressives here. 1
Don't worry Sarah will put on her brass bra and save us all! 1
What a patriot. 1
Sidestepping the Constitution and the legislator is just a #commonsense solution 1
She kills anyone who gets in her way. 1
CONSPIRACY! 1
His tax policy expert is also the infamous Laffer who popularized the Laffer curve and supply-side economics that's been shoved down our throats for the past 30 years - totally anti-establishment and for the middle class! 1
Learn how BP is helping 1
As long as it doesn't interfere with my reality tv watching schedule. 1
Because the media that was colluding with the DNC said so! 1
Yes let's cut off diplomatic ties to a nation of 1 Billion that largely influences the global market....solid idea 1
He's not even a real democrat! 1
Because isolated incidences should decide policy. 1
Yeah because Iowa is an exact representation of the USA..... 1
Let's just keep giving big insurance and big pharma money while we wait for the prices to go down... 1
Just like her 1
Yeah fuck those republicans who only do that! 1
At least Bill O'Reilly wore a tie. 1
For Jerusalem - one unified city forever under a Jewish God. 1
And so begins the destruction of America 1
Because that's the job of the FBI: making voters see candidates in bad light. 1
I don't see this being abused. 1
Yeah that's totally what I said 1
I think you dropped something: 1
A star that burns twice as bright only burns for half as long and its light cares nothing for the consent of other bodies. 1
But guns are the only thing in the world that are specially designed to hurt people and do nothing else 1
Only a half a standard deviation... or so. 1
Don't forget that they torture puppies for fun with money they stole from poor minorities. 1
Why not? 1
Yep the only thing keeping people from voting Clinton over trump is that they didn't know trump was a climate denier 1
Just like there were no Islamist terrorist attacks before Obama! 1
So when are the mods going to censor this thread too? 1
Hey everyone look at this CTR employee who wants to cover up LeBron's shillhood. 1
Nah its totally DNC's fault 100% 1
But I was just in VA and saw *so many* Trump signs! 1
You forgot this: 1
A nuclear winter would certainly ease global warming 1
I just see a picture of Hillary with a tiny little mustache 1
OMG way to kill the fun vibe... 1
I think it's clear that taxes just aren't low enough yet. 1
Of course it is 1
I bet the loony John Birch Society would love this. 1
This is totally the same as exposing classified information through an unapproved private email server.... 1
A lot of people are saying she was an escort. 1
"You're so right let's vote for the ""progressive party"" that wants to deny homosexuals the right to marriage and make abortions illegal!" 1
The best people really. 1
I don't believe that at all. 1
I thought it was two peninsulas divided by a channel. 1
Yeah I'm sure that a climate denier GOP President would have the same agenda.... 1
Same thing 1
How do we know she's not a secret muslim jihadist infiltrator then? 1
sounds like a noble goal 1
But Trump has bots on twitter so it's all good. 1
I think he's mad about Harry Browne 1
It was just locker room banter 1
You say that like it's a problem brother! 1
That attitude should be good for business. 1
And that would happen 1
Because those are so *incredibly* similar to homosexuality... 1
Time to open up a gun store! 1
But we did save like 10 dollars on our property taxes. 1
That and adorning his wife in diamonds. 1
lol- why not make it ok to yell fire in a crowded theater too amirite? 1
Hillary's campaign travels halfway around the world before Bernie's puts its shoes on 1
"But it's ""Racial Realism""" 1
You sound like a doctor so you should know that clot in her brain caused Parkinson's 1
So brave. 1
But Clinton emails though! 1
Thank you GOP for continuing to support an employers right to oppression 1
"It's just what the ""market"" demands to retain their ""talent""." 1
But I was told Trump has already won the election! 1
Definition of Traitor: Someone who betrays their government (betraying citizens does not count.) 1
That is sexist 1
But she's part jewish that means she can call people Hitler and its ok. 1
Women who believe women shouldn't be allowed to vote always have the best ideas! 1
You dropped this 1
Forgot the 1
I hope you just forgot the 1
How many jobs did that create in Atlantic City? 1
Found the book-nut. 1
Sorry we cant allow people with different opinions have free speech 1
It sounds like you better. 1
but his dad told him so! 1
You missed a key word: cabal. 1
So he's always happy? 1
You mean someone was better than Duck Dynasty? 1
But just one or two years of testing rich people...would make for some entertaining news! 1
But they're not racists of course. 1
Just vote again! 1
only a beta would say that. 1
I'm sure you had the same concern when Hillary's E-mails were hacked. 1
Benghazi? 1
Kaine was the worst NJ governor EVER! 1
Damn you Obama! 1
And I'm sure they just loooooove Clinton 1
You forgot your 1
Hungry kids will work harder. 1
I don't tho 1
Stop giving reasons why r/politics is biased and start pretending that peoples feels have actual fact behind them. 1
Harr harr generalizations are so fucking FUNNY! 1
Wikileaks will not be held accountable for a damn thing... I'm sure all these people who were riveted by Clinton's emails were equally outraged and riveted by Chelsea Manning's disclosures and the exceptional treatment she's received since arrest. 1
But free college mannnn 1
I don't want to live in a world where a nice white guy can't make sweeping generalizations loaded with casual racism and not get away with it! 1
3756D QUANTUM GALACTIC SPACE CHESS GUYS 1
So ... really important issues then. 1
You dropped your 1
So you're saying I need to stab Bill to save the whales? 1
Well how do you fill your office with sexy women if you don't promote them up to the top floor? 1
Lets dump more arms in the middle east that will solve the problem. 1
*links to dailykos* greenpeace doesn't care about the environment! 1
She had too many vaccines. 1
much much better to let the jobs leave. 1
Where were the Muslim leaders? 1
Liberals are the real racists 1
I'm all for increasing gas prices if the increase goes to the gas station 1
I do remember how up in arms you were when Romney said that. 1
Hey guys the secret is learn to fail right guys? 1
Obama and Clinton did 9/11 1
All fake news. 1
Which you deserve for living in heathen cities. 1
What a weird world we live in where the content of an argument is more important than the source. 1
This is political correctness run amok. 1
Lets just throw more money at the issue... 1
That's probably what we were doing with Osama too. 1
Argentina is enemies with Russia? 1
Pay no attention to these images that were obviously taken and leak by the Russian government. 1
No he has just moved on to other drugs. 1
Giuliani could do to diplomacy what Scarborough has done to journalism! 1
And you can't spell TRIUMPH without TRUMP! 1
Did you forget this? 1
Which is why nobody ever has conflicting interpretations of the constitution when applied to modern life? 1
Don't go shooting down the whole notion that I can drive to New Mexico from AZ and buy a MACHINE GUN. 1
Thank you for all those sources... 1
"""BOTH SIDES DO IT!""" 1
Yeah that sounds like a really democratic way to do things. 1
This will end well. 1
We must not tolerate intolerance! 1
Clearly you don't know Hollywood well. 1
"""Oh well if Kim Kardashian is voting for him than I guess I would be stupid not to as well!""" 1
Good luck with that. 1
So you're not a Trump fan? 1
Please excuse me while I use a $20 bill to wipe away my tears from all the laughter 1
typical judicial activism 1
Yeah but at least we have freedom 1
But climate change is a hoax made up by the Chinese... 1
haha 1
But that's ok because my team is better than your team! 1
It's just the aspect ratio! 1
you forgot your 1
Pretty sure Bernie's education plan will mean everyone gets to go to college for free and get paid to be there 1
Which was totally what he was trying to do 1
Ain't nobody got time for that. 1
But our war with Iraq accomplished so much..... 1
Correct this is how CIA appropriations are decided 1
Color me surprised. 1
yea but it only comes out that way if you add them together! 1
And it's her turn! 1
Wow who would have thought that when people have more money to spend that companies do better? 1
I'm shocked. 1
I VOTED TRUMP! 1
It's okay as long as they give him money. 1
And the democratic party has no power in those states 1
That's because he **EARNED** it. 1
Great response! 1
It is about time this campaign started to get interesting. 1
Clintons are some of the most trustworthy people I've ever heard about. 1
Higher purchasing power is bad for the economy tho 1
You know who also signed a piece of paper promising he wouldn't do something...? 1
I'm sure these officers *just so happened* to get caught *the very first time* they framed someone. 1
Minorities don't know any better. 1
No clue. 1
Because Communism. 1
oh you mean like Patreaus? 1
It is a real lucrative demographic that is highly sought after by advertisers. 1
filthy non-cognitivist! 1
That's what you get for being a dirty hippie socialist! 1
But but but... he is a Republican so it is OK. 1
I'm sure this is totally unrelated... 1
Cuck's Anonymous. 1
You dropped a 1
But he didn't tell them the gravity of their decision. 1
Yes because *that's* not an utterly hyperbolic assessment. 1
Haha whelp maybe I should be hating my fellow citizens because something their ancestors may have done to mine. 1
Whoops cannot mention that guy that's all ancient history now. 1
I don't think they have ever actually accused Obama of murdering anyone yet. 1
Yeah we should burn down those fucking bastions of socialism we call libraries. 1
This will surely bolster his failing Presidential bid... 1
Ann Couter is in tears. 1
And uncertainty always does wonders for the economy. 1
There was once a war but I forget what it was called 1
great factully based comeback 1
You spelled POTUS wrong. 1
We should kill their families. 1
Did he put it on his website for easy access? 1
That certainly answers his question. 1
you forgot the 1
Sorry but I believe that you dropped this: 1
If only they stopped the illegals with photo voter id 1
They are Brown 1
because this here is a CHRISTIAN country. 1
Good job Texas. 1
Yeah they must be dying over there at the DNC 1
Pffff facts 1
but but but Bernie wants to ban fracking so it must be the cause 1
Thank God that Muslims don't have airplanes. 1
Uh yeah thats why Trump said he would overturn gay marriage and thats why Pence has a proven record of such positivity with the LGBT community! 1
Well then China... thanks for all the hard work at reducing emissions 1
You forgot the 1
YEA LETS STEAL PEOPLES MONEY ALREADY! 1
what's wrong with trainspotting license plates? 1
Yes this is exactly what I said... I obviously am a one dimensional form of human. 1
Wimmens is men's property fer breeding and ain't good fer nuthin' else! 1
Fuck the Mexicans? 1
Yeah because secession movements always care about the laws of their host nation 1
That's because it's not relevant to current US elections 1
So she's an atheist? 1
Thank God Congress is there to look out for our best interests despite what the majority wants! 1
"""You cannot rape your spouse""" 1
she was probably forced into it by all the patriarchy 1
These are all the types that hold the job creators back right? 1
Maybe...they're the racist ones? 1
"Get out of here with your ""science"" stuff... liberals don't want to hear about ""science""!" 1
Thanksgiving turkeys and cornbread! 1
Yeah that stammering sure was annoying. 1
I think she meant November 29th 1
Yeah the guy who wants to start a war with Russia is TOTALLY sane 1
But the polls Sanders put out says only he can beat Trump? 1
Yeah because tax cuts are what sent the economy spiraling into a recession. 1
Why wasn't Obama in the oval office on 9/11? 1
*Technically* there's still time. 1
Call Hannity if you have any doubts. 1
'People of color' is not a race! 1
Standards and licensing boards are infringements upon liberty and freedom! 1
STOP TALKING YOU SHILL 1
Clearly anything to do with Benghazi 1
Keep telling yourself that bro 1
well isn't someone begging the question. 1
Another new and innovative idea from the republicans. 1
Clearly Gallup is in the pocket of Hillary 1
Why are you voting for Trump? 1
"I am shocked and outraged by this in depth ""Daily Caller Investigation.""" 1
I read it on Infowars so it must be true. 1
Nah the dems are literally shipping thousands of millions of illegal Mexicans in buses across the country to vote as many times as possible. 1
Why do you liberal elites hate America? 1
Expect a hard hitting interview. 1
You lie! 1
When have they ever done such a terrible thing? 1
Make America great again must mean complete reset... Polio and mumps is what made us great 1
You forgot the 1
Time to control the employers 1
Yeah and there is no money in politics. 1
The intellectual firepower of trumpers is truly overwhelming 1
Wait you forgot the 1
Quit being so PC. 1
Right and I'm just sure the same would have happened if he was a white guy. 1
Yes but what did druge and breitbart say...we can only trust them. 1
I love my state... 1
Probably liberal shills trying to make Trump look bad. 1
Yes I'm sure all the people getting AIDS medication from it hate the fact that Bill Clinton started it. 1
Perhaps people can live there when the Red Wings are not playing a game. 1
Don't you mean Kalifornistan? 1
But I feel like she did 1
Supporting the military industrial complex is more important. 1
Hillary hearing about the Flint water crisis question before a primary debate in Flint is clearly more urgent and outrageous than Trump essentially setting up a monarchy before our very eyes 1
It's the highest point in Death Valley! 1
Ooohhh...a Trump scam...that's never happened before! 1
because they're the only democracy in the middle east and the greatest friend to America! 1
Money for hostages blah blah 1
Yea awesome idea lets try to starve criminals who have done their time it's not like they'll rob a grocery store or kill someone for food right? 1
Fucking Harambe! 1
But Hillary won all of the southern states in the primary! 1
Because I'm sure there would be much less military activity with the Republicans in charge... 1
"""he never said those things""" 1
No doubt Judicial Watch will sue for the release of these transcripts 1
Yes I recall Afghani citizens attacking the WTC 1
Thank goodness our good information providers present this topic somewhere every day because it is essential to our economic and political well being. 1
You seem like a guy that sure knows much about the Muslim religion. 1
well god's not going to breed his own army of followers! 1
I hope that is 1
We need to kill them all so we are safe! 1
All that matters is you vote your conscience! 1
You forgot your 1
He's literally the founder of ISIS! 1
Pro Life baby! 1
no no no its freedom of expression 1
Yeah California is a real example of a system working well 1
Well that's because we *needed* the Patriot Act! 1
All this evidence is overwhelming 1
So...the same as the major news/political subreddits? 1
Isn't it great that laws about sexual assault and such just don't apply to people like Trump? 1
Totally justified 1
Get out of here with your blasphemy. 1
theeconomiccollapseblog Sounds like a very un-biased and relaible site 1
dirty filthy quarter-millionaires don't deserve that money anyways. 1
Actually you cant prove she intended to be Secretary of State 1
He doesn't see race. 1
You poor corroded canadians 1
Trump should be sued for wasting public time....I wish 1
It was a big ruse and Crooked Hillary fell for it! 1
"""Statistics"" is a trigger word and covert dog whistle for ""RACIST""" 1
If he says it too many times it becomes a joke and we don't have to do anything about it. 1
Nop... Pie in the sky... No we can't! 1
He's got an R next to his name so it's cool 1
Yeah the founders of this country were fucking idiots. 1
That's because you are a lazy. 1
Seems like the right thing to do if they are sharing a plane. 1
But...but...Obama is the chosen one who will magically fix everything and make it all better! 1
Don't bring facts into this debate! 1
Yeah he's proving it by losing while making the most money! 1
I want to hear Bernie's stump speech ONE MORE TIME! 1
More foreign oil 1
No wonder they're so misinformed 1
Nice to see that the criminal justice system is being so awesome to the perps and protective of the victims and general population 1
Yea but I still think 60-40 is much more likely than 51/49 Especially since he got the coveted Aaron Rodgers endorsement 1
I thought they did this before she announced. 1
Thanks Obama 1
But Holt and Clinton conspired to have these word come out of Trump's mouth. 1
But Hillary was the corporate shill candidate. 1
Privatizing our prison will fix EVERYTHING and get GOVERNMENT OUT! 1
Whereas you had such a great argument! 1
Hes a young go getter with fresh ideas! 1
your forgot your 1
Says the russian 1
I'm sure the mods aren't gonna censor any more posts or comments. 1
Say hello to your future king. 1
Suffixgate. 1
You have no proof that he won't be 21 forever. 1
"Well I think Donald Trump's ""I'm a winner and you're all fucking losers"" attitude will restore the Republican leadership back to sanity" 1
We need a redheaded quadrapelegic who was left handed who is genderfluid. 1
Because no democrat has ever used dead people for votes 1
Ahead of schedule and under budget! 1
and here i was thinking places like the red pill were filled with alpha males 1
DRAIN THE SWAMP 1
I'm sure Allen Colmes would give a vigorous and articulate defense of liberal and Democratic principles and wouldn't let himself get shouted down at all. 1
I guess I needed this 1
Oh wow i'm convinced sign me up for the kkk newsletter or whatever you're in to. 1
As long as they have health insurance! 1
International Journalism is RIGGED 1
Obama and his evil personal agenda to run America into the ground. 1
ah... 1
You sound like a really rational and mature person. 1
Must be a conspiracy 1
He just said you were different 1
But this user hasn't got his massive karma yet from re-posting it for the 5th time. 1
Vote for a conservative president because fuck the fags. 1
Yea our founding fathers had it all wrong. 1
We should put up protectionist barriers between States cause it will create more jobs and lower prices. 1
They're reptilian hybrids who are plotting humanity's doom in their secret underground lair. 1
TIL people can repudiate all accusations by just accusing everyone of them. 1
Just waiting for a bunch of anti-conspiracy nuts to come out to down vote this. 1
You wouldn't expect that if she was a man 1
well how else will we default and renegotiate our debt? 1
Because he ate KFC 1
she sure can break down barriers .... between donor and politician and all kinds of other barriers too 1
SJW refuses to have honest conversation wow surprise 1
i don't think it's radical when your country is the outlier... but sure. 1
I am completely shocked that the oil companies are relentlessly ripping us off. 1
If you just lower taxes people would have all the money they need for those things 1
"""Less than 90 percent"" What more do you need?" 1
But all tHese polls were taken before his pivot! 1
"""He probably heard Bill Clinton say it first!""" 1
JUST GIVE HIM A CHANCE! 1
"I didn't realize this election is a ""package deal""." 1
Yeah I guess you're right - if Canada decides to invade we'd be screwed. 1
Blessed be our New Founding Fathers 1
Good thing she has the power to make that happen... 1
I'm sure the President of the United States has nothing better to do than answer questions on reddit. 1
I think it is good for the kids to learn how the police will be treating them later. 1
Sorry 1
Breaking the submission rules will certainly help. 1
But he isn't a community organizer! 1
Good thing superdelegates are the ones really in charge then! 1
Words mean nothing. 1
F U AND YOUR BLASPHEMY. 1
I'd love to break my GOP addiction but my need for hating Mexicans keeps me hooked. 1
Maybe they could go back and look at all the legislation they've passed to help working families over the last 3 decades to get ideas? 1
The polls are being skewed! 1
Is Ann Coulter MSM now since she is unfairly portraying trump as flip flopping? 1
Was that a dig? 1
they're not being a judgemental prick; didn't you see the 'no offence' disclaimer? 1
Yeah what's the big deal! 1
Surely that's the issue. 1
Obvious 1
Stop insulting Jesus. 1
Many weren't and still aren't - good ol' MSM! 1
This is fantastic 1
Just a few bad apples. 1
Don't worry I am sure Jeb Bush will be different because he is a real fiscal conservative 1
If the shoes were reversed I am sure it would've been received much better. 1
Way to respond to the point... 1
I am assuming you dropped this: 1
Yeaaah... That's gonna hurt Sanders... 1
That's because no one talks to their neighbors at the cemetery. 1
What you don't understand is the negro wanted to be left alone. 1
You dropped this: 1
Good summary 1
Because the Democrats have never filibustered anything that they didn't agree with. 1
I'm crying *single tear* 1
BUT BUT COMEY! 1
He's obviously a misogynist and you're just trying to defend him because you belong in r/TheRedPill . 1
But you know he's gonna get blown out at SC! 1
Do you want your kids speaking Mexican? 1
Good suggestion maybe it will happen 1
Chinese Hoax. 1
I'm sure Hillary is really scared now 1
So you're saying there's a chance? 1
America's true hero. 1
stop comparing everything to watergate 1
Great contribution to the discussion! 1
No he is a evil hate mongering right wing monster! 1
The only way you could be anti Trump is if someone paid you. 1
That makes sense...SBRs are baby killers and mortars are totally safe. 1
Still better than Hillary 1
So make him treasury sec too and give him the job to fix tax code. 1
It would be so much better if we could just start a few more wars... 1
They don't matter once they leave the uterus! 1
Do you really think that's the hidden message? 1
When he chose to be born in Kenya.. obviously.. 1
Because there are just so many high-value targets in Montana that I bet ISIS is just drooling over at this very minute. 1
but george is a (((globalist)))! 1
The fact that he was released just shows the system works. 1
Good thing we keep rolling out new voter ID laws to prevent voter fraud. 1
To the front page! 1
He sure cares a lot about women's rights for a Muslim. 1
Obviously a God Emperor is the answer. 1
Definitely the boring centrist politician. 1
He dropped the 1
You millions of people are throwing your votes away! 1
Don't forget about the emails! 1
"Yeah after all the leftists downvote what they disagree is when ""the truth"" is shown." 1
Don't forget regressive shithole Ohio! 1
Clearly these pussy Russians are too weak for nuclear warfare under Hillary's command 1
man... 1
I see the lamestream media got to you too 1
So a war on war? 1
Clearly her plane's GPS was scrambled by CTR trolls desperate to stop Stein's surging candidacy! 1
Divider in chief 1
We'll need a shell company to launder our Kickstarter funds. 1
Clearly because she's innocent. 1
Good news for people who love small government and local rights. 1
We *know* they're working together! 1
I wonder who filed the bogus copyright claim. 1
But...but...Sanders marched with MLK...that was supposed to change everything. 1
Cause electric cars are so environmentally friendly... 1
Let's not jump to conclusions until all the online polls are factored in! 1
Great point. 1
"I always think ""satire"" when i'm reading the NY times" 1
Thats what you get for posting in their safe space.... 1
Mexico is paying for it... Dolt 1
Clearly a cuck who is paid by the global conspiracy... 1
"""I have it on good information that the ancient Egyptians commonly grabbed each other by the pussy while they were moving grain supplies to be stored in the pyramids shortly after the earth was created.""" 1
Better than she is at playing a native american. 1
Are you implying GS CEO paid him for a meeting ? 1
Perhaps this is what our news will look like if Trump is elected gets his judges to gut the first amendment? 1
But Russia is white &amp; a christian country so they are infalliable. 1
I for one am shocked 1
"But what about ""Making America Great Again""?" 1
Its a vast media conspiracy! 1
Well we already had W. Bush. 1
"It's cause they're the ""best people for the job.""" 1
But they're both stores so its the same thing! 1
Bernie Sanders never dodges questions 1
Obviously we should be living in a pre-cog dystopia 1
Ya gotta keep em cut out of the system. 1
I see this post has quite a few upvotes. 1
"Definitely every single candidate except Bernie ""the all knowing best fucking candidate ever"" Sanders!" 1
"""Why not?""" 1
So... he's saying no Pardon for Hillary then? 1
Because that kind of operation against the cartels would totally be profitable and not a net loss of money at all. 1
And making sure every child has a bag of fairy dust underneath their pillow on Christmas morning. 1
"Can't wait for the ""Swift Boat Veterans for Truth"" to jump all over this one!" 1
Yeah did you hear about that drive-by knifing the other day? 1
Yea because he does so well when debating. 1
The media! 1
They better be prepared for that corkscrew landing and sniper fire... 1
Freedom of speech isn't actually freedom of speech it's the freedom to say things that we don't tell you that you can't say. 1
Lock that bitch up! 1
I'm sure the families of thousands of dead Americans and Iraquis appreciate your call for patience. 1
Was he being sarcastic again? 1
Or shoot those that would report those stories. 1
Which is totally gay! 1
I don't see this being abused at all 1
My country is back in the news... Wonderful... What great coverage... 1
Maybe he is pissed off about how bad the Browns are... 1
You are being ridiculous! 1
Haha verb bros where's tie evidence lol I'm ginna unite it habana ababa 1
I'm sure he would be the majority of the black vote as well 1
It was all the resistance they put up that caused the prices to stay low. 1
Well it's because stadiums create jobs whereas universities do not. 1
She only rigged a primary 1
Why do you hate freedom? 1
Everyone who disagreed with Madame Popular should have dropped out because it was her turn 1
This was a rigged poll! 1
Proof it is working! 1
Yea that's what happened 1
But this nation is a *Christian* nation! 1
"Don't forget about the ""People to be killed"" folder." 1
You just gotta bring color into the issue... 1
because American needs more traffic jams 1
He's not the president he a foreigner 1
That would be something that they have never done before. 1
Don't remember them denying it tho 1
But then how will we keep the poors from voting for higher taxes on the job creators? 1
You're just one of those racist American Supremacists. 1
I forgot the 1
Bill probably wanted to name her as vp during his second term but she was too hawkish to hold office 1
...can we write a post-dated check for that? 1
Yah I'm sure the old bag praising the pieces of shit will be the catalyst for change the DNC needs... 1
Ban passengers in cars! 1
Neither was Obama! 1
She had hate in her heart 1
You forgot to mention her being short. 1
Actually saying it out loud is wrong! 1
We should put them on some sort of list. 1
The pattern of behavior... Yep she is qualified. 1
I'm sure they're all inspired by Trump's positive message for women. 1
Sounds like you got triggered by the word racist. 1
OMG FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGSSS 1
About fucking time someone stood up to the electorate. 1
And they deserve their dynasty. 1
cuz she's the cool black guy now 1
Because Hillary is such a strong democratic candidate 1
That works great in Pittsburgh PA. 1
We're not going to debate until you change your tone... 1
OPPRESSION 1
You forgot the: 1
Which will cause a nuclear winter and he will have solved global warming 1
Oops I forgot the 1
He's just trolling Liberals. 1
Clearly a racist and xenophobic article. 1
good argument. 1
Well to be fair when they do that they are sometimes suspended with pay for a short time 1
stfu bot. 1
He was trying to help Trump out even before he became the VP nominee. 1
Shillury you know I'm just being shilly. 1
Obviously the judge is in direct contact with the Obama administration 1
But the republicans have been telling me that only democrats do that! 1
But those are in low information south and hence don't count 1
Because she is not Trump. 1
You guys try to get high scores in Donkey Kong why can't I try and get my high score in Money? 1
Because Jesus was all about superior firepower. 1
But blue lives matter more! 1
Yeah he'll never win 1
Because civil disobedience isn't a thing and it would be sooooo much work to convince people to not pay their federal taxes. 1
you forgot 1
You seem like a very logical person with a good head on their shoulders who doesn't exaggerate. 1
That's some quality political discussion ya got going there 1
Maybe she'll move out of the country. 1
feds must too busy locking down the internet to deal with these guys.... 1
That's why he's hiding his tax returns. 1
It worked for the Founding Fathers. 1
Well they really know how to energize their base and promote donations by ignoring their base's desire for more debates. 1
DID THEY POLL THE EMPLOYEES AND SUBSCRIBERS FIRST? 1
This is why we need strict voter id laws.... oh wait... 1
Like a true Christian... 1
Those dumb hillary supporters always yelling 'LOCK HIM UP!' 1
It says Sanders still has a chance! 1
I sleep easy at night knowing he doesn't have a private email server. 1
Ah OK well that settles it up nicely 1
A young brother's got it bad cus he's brown? 1
If you can't solve a Rubik's cube and recite Pi to one hundred decimal places you don't deserve a gun 1
LSD in the water supply obviously 1
But...but....he's basically progun! 1
You can totally see him doing that with his victory rallies and tweets. 1
Yeah but it's OK because she prayed for forgiveness each time. 1
What a crime 1
Too much work 1
Maybe it was when Romney told him that some of his best friends were black people. 1
Well he did win the primaries there... 1
Finally we have iron-clad proof! 1
He forgot the 1
No I'm hoping half his body gets slowly run over by a tractor then I hope he wants to suicide but his arms will be paralyzed so he will have to ask his bitch ass mother to shoot him in the dick instead 1
Thank God *that's* cleared up. 1
Because I totally want a president that even jokes about killing journalists 1
Because thinking that is the only way I can sleep tonight. 1
Must be all those illegal immigrant ballots that finally came in the mail. 1
Sure... put the black guy in charge of the ghettos...\ 1
yea and hillary wont be able to run in prison. 1
Lol all Khans are alike... 1
They can marry anyone they want as long as they're the same race so it's not discrimination. 1
So... you tried to prevent people from assembling to hear a man speak... nice to know that Canada upholds basic human rights. 1
White people cant be terrorists 1
Looks like killing Scalia is the gift that keeps on giving for Hillary 1
Clearly referring to Jason Pierre-Paul 1
Because is Hillary goes to China she is gonna go all alone with no body else 1
In Canada we don't use Zip code 1
McConnell is such a class act. 1
And among the Alex jones types banking is a code word too... you know because the rothchilds run everything and elders of Zion is a true text 1
Dude.. stop with the attacks! 1
"""Most corrupt political family in history""... Definitely not extreme over-exaggeration there" 1
No only democrats can be punished for shady unethical actions 1
I'm glad you didn't overgeneralize about any group of people. 1
How do you think she always gets away with murdering people? 1
YEAH WELL YOU'RE A SOCIALIST. 1
Yes because Obama threatened to not increase the debt ceiling in 2011 unless his demands were met. 1
Ahh from a very reputable and intelligent source I see. 1
Spotted the shill. 1
Speak not ill of the job creators pulling up their bootstraps to protect their valued employees. 1
How dare you defy our freedom! 1
"You forget ""Innocent until proven guilty"" is for everyone but Hillary." 1
Marijuana overdose of course. 1
Talk like this is why Trump won. 1
This seems like a legit and non biased study. 1
Wow...um...deep. 1
But the media told me Obamacare was a big success! 1
Doesn't he have communist ties? 1
Breitbart is the ONLY reliable news source in the whole world! 1
Yeah but she can be the first female president. 1
Because banks need more money 1
What are you talking about Republicans and Democrats are the same! 1
We should do this for voters as well. 1
Just a bit though 1
Oh well then let's get to voting for Trump then! 1
no its 4/3rds 1
Right but while we got you here How Can You Trust Hillary Clinton After the 2008 Campaign? 1
"I thought he ""apple-gized"" for that ""cement""." 1
Hmm sounds like a dog whistle used by the left to activate all the communist sleeper agents. 1
If you tax the poor they will work harder to become rich... 1
Because abuse victims never defend their abusers 1
But won't the profits from sped-up foreclosures trickle back down to us? 1
Should have used a 1
How do you think he could afford to fly to Rome? 1
Truth is truth regardless of the source 1
If only Hillary hadn't normalized political violence by offering to pay legal fees for violent supporters 1
Let's ban protesting and send the national guard to any illegal protests... 1
Your friend sounds like the picture of health 1
After they've served their country what use do they have for the war machine? 1
Water fluoridation is the real socialism 1
But it's just the free market... 1
Bernie Sanders has Gus Fring's support! 1
Californians aren't Americans you silly! 1
The State Department has issued a statement in support of pro-democracy protesters and calling on local law enforcement to respect their right to free speech and peaceful protest. 1
Well I see you've got the right attitude at least. 1
You forgot your 1
uneducated people don't know what's good for 'em 1
But Bernie is promising Free stuff 1
They don't want to fall down the slippery slope 1
maybe you can win this debate with the power of prayer 1
But Bernie is attacking her everyday and trying to destroy her. 1
Gee ya think? 1
Totally the same thing. 1
But it was faulty intelligence! 1
Cause obviously Morgan freeman doesn't understand the plight of today's white...I mean black Americans 1
"i expect the ""we hate immigrants"" crowd on reddit to be all over this news...those damned americans are going to destroy our culture and before we know it we will have brown water coming out of our taps" 1
right wing source 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
Service is only honored if you have an R by your name. 1
It's a conspiracy! 1
Gulliani the best AG hire by a president who promised to drain the swamp. 1
And Canada is a US state. 1
you forgot the 1
Now you're a racist and a sexist! 1
I guess I should have added a 1
But it's a secret conspiracy hidden from the people forcing Congress to vote on it with out knowing what's in it. 1
But she didn't know that she would run for president! 1
But you can reinvest that extra $10 you got back from the state into the economy! 1
Your generation is just lazy 1
Solution: Test *all* tax payers! 1
Still Obama's fault! 1
You forgot man... She has **evolved** 1
but but but why don't people care about Benghazi. 1
Liberal. 1
You're missing the 1
I bet that's what Heinz said in 1933. 1
They are god's will. 1
because bernies terrible secret is going be revealed and leave his campaign in tatters. 1
Yeah nobody really thought Trump was this bad except Kasich 1
She's not President yet. 1
How can there be global warming if I have this snowball in my hand you elitist! 1
nah it's impossible that the CEOs of health insurance companies would ever get together for a meeting. 1
That'll show 'em! 1
Its' great to knows the issues are front and center in this election. 1
That is probably only because they are trying to prep him for the Debate. 1
Then you don't know what's best for you and should be forced to vote in your interests. 1
Because the Republicans haven't already spent millions on anti-Clinton ads trying to smear her. 1
"""No one should be blamed for things they did 'x' years ago...""" 1
Yeah that's certainly the one and only reason any Republican doesn't favor Trump. 1
oh my god i'm shocked. 1
Source? 1
You can't handle the truth! 1
If they were privatized the companies would have more money to protect them. 1
goddammnit Obama 1
Nobody saw that coming 1
"Obviously the left is going to ""redistrict"" by redrawing state lines to reduce Republican impact." 1
you sure convinced me. 1
He's just being modest and doesn't want to brag about his charitable contributions! 1
ya but they aint even merican! 1
Because he's smart 1
I assume this is because the socialist muslim is making more veterans homeless. 1
Because money is an issue to a government willing to spend billions on spying on everything right 1
Always a great idea to hire someone for their sex rather than their merit. 1
Considering JEB is always sad maybe this is an omen that Trump is going to win 1
remember polls lie unless they agree with the message 1
How dare you call Abraham Lincoln a puppet for corporate interests! 1
Nah the election is only for the president 1
Yeah but Mexicans... 1
Can you provide any citations from recent history to back that up? 1
But I thought the race was over since all of the pro-Hillary people on here said it was! 1
That was obviously a false flag operation. 1
So death panels without the useless bureaucratic overhead of the panels? 1
All hail the Queen.^ 1
"wow it is totally unreasonable to assume that the agency that covered up Bush war crimes because ""muh republican party"" would be partisan as fuck" 1
But Bernie lost fair and square right guys? 1
Thats makes very little business sense 1
It should be approved by wife and pastor and only if erectile therapy has failed. 1
Excellent idea because when Clint Eastwood talked to an empty chair no one thought he was going senile. 1
I'm sure your preconceived notions about what is going to be said in this thread will come to fruition. 1
I'm sure no one will get shot or thrown in jail 1
So transparent. 1
You dropped this: 1
We need another Stalin: he knew how to deal with dissenters... 1
How dare voters judge me by my actions! 1
Well that would work. 1
So la raza creates jobs? 1
Like Benghazi? 1
Don't forget npr and their liberal propaganda. 1
So if we can just get the shootings up even higher we should see crime fall off completely. 1
A letter from an alleged lawyer on the Trump payroll - slam-dunk 1
I think you missed the 1
Yes the average person would not take their $91K pension obviously 1
She's clearly quite good at working across the aisle! 1
We have sanctuary cities to keep tabs on them. 1
Just like how being born in Hawaii makes one Kenyan? 1
He's certainly not gonna endorse the Jew from Hymie town. 1
You dropped this 1
That's because when gay people have babies they will be gay like their parents. 1
Yes we can! 1
I can see why the Democratic Party having to earn voter loyalty might seem a bad idea 1
BUT WE WOULDN'T WANT TO TAINT OUR FREEDOM 1
Private healthcare works guys 1
Taxes are theft obviously 1
Cause Howard Stern lies all the time 1
She still needs that signed permission slip from her parents before the school of hard knocks will allow her to go on her presidential field trip. 1
Did you not know getting your feelings hurt is worse than getting your head chopped off 1
you forgot the 1
sorry 1
Yeah Klansmen are usually so secretive and subtle about their actions... 1
it's just so weird how a historically marginalized and scapegoated group might not feel at home in the GOP... 1
They need to fire more teachers. 1
Don't make fun of people that can't turn left! 1
Not to mention how promising his path to citizenship looks. 1
Clearly they are terrorists! 1
Seriously funny material right there. 1
No bias here 1
Because if a camera crew goes near the Mexican border they're gonna get instantly raped of course 1
Muh free market solutions. 1
does everyone's vote have the same weight in this poll or are 4 NY votes equal to one from Wyoming? 1
It makes the future deaths from Trump vodka all the more responsible. 1
You're right they're wrong for seeing fault in corruption and trying to defend democracy 1
i spent the last 6 minutes masturbating into a tubesock 1
Yeah it's John Kerry all over again 1
That doesn't count; won't vote for her until she personally turns up to my home and tells me exactly what I want to hear. 1
damn tree hugger! 1
Has Rick Scott gone back into the hospital business? 1
They probably thought you tripped over your gun. 1
Nono it's just Bernie! 1
must be some of those danged wimmens again! 1
wake up sheeple 1
Liberals telling me what I need and what I don't need.... Real original. 1
Well you should have gone to school for something useful! 1
I must've missed the 1
No she sent all her passwords to herself in plaintext before she got her SSL cert 1
You have to run the country like a business! 1
Good thing Johnson has a comprehensive plan to combat climate change 1
at least they are Fair ***and*** balanced 1
How dare people express their grievances on a public platform. 1
I'm sure if dems were majority they would be completely open to a conservative president assigning conservative judges. 1
Nobody told me she was a he god damnit! 1
You must be a commie 1
yeah Russia doesnt have a powerful military/nukes or anything 1
Yeah but then women would be able to have sex without repercussions. 1
how do you remove the chocolate from chocolate milk smarty pants? 1
Because that's so different to the other bullshit videos he's put out 1
It's because gerrymandering has absolutely no effect at all. 1
You forgot the 1
But the stock market! 1
Bachmann? 1
It was blm 1
and salaries are climbing! 1
all politicians do it 1
Obamacare's death panels! 1
They are only authorized to use deadly force on dogs while doing marijuana raids 1
But...cheetochimp made money off the deal...what a smart business man! 1
We can clearly see that respect by how well we run th VA. 1
You wouldn't want to tank the economy by holding bankers accountable would you? 1
Just remember since labor is 100% of the costs of a product the cost of a good will increase yugely! 1
She has a vagina. 1
Shhh that doesn't fit the narrative! 1
But she wasn't planning on running yet! 1
"""BUT THE EMAILS MAKE HER LITERALLY SATAN""" 1
Much better to keep the lowest earners below the poverty line to make sure it's convenient for the rest of us amirite? 1
I should have used 1
Of course - it turns out benghazi was his and Hillary fault... 1
But everything else he's doing is perfectly acceptable. 1
Maybe if the minority stopped taking the jobs away from the majority we wouldn't be in this situation! 1
43 and 64 doesn't even add up to 100% 1
Bootstraps 1
Gay people are icky. 1
I'm so proud to be a Virginian 1
Totally vindicated. 1
Why bother canvassing when Sanders could just check that Clinton data? 1
"But don't vote for Trump because he never talks about the fact that ""Big American corporations no longer make many products in the United States""." 1
That'll go over well at the RNC... 1
No more immigrant students or vacationers! 1
Are you missing that she is black and female. 1
What does it say about a grown man if he has to pay people to hang out with him? 1
Watch your tone! 1
That'll help the housing market. 1
Got to go sure up the crucial swing state Alaska. 1
Your rebuttal is well-reasoned and insightful. 1
That attitude is why Trump won. 1
Dah Bernie Sanders is the best no matter what and Hillary suks the corprate cock! 1
Who would have guessed ! 1
"""terrorists"" don't seem to be mentally ill- unless they're Muslim...and Islam is a mental illness" 1
Because government services are so simple 1
Those gosh darn black people just don't know what's good for them. 1
He was probably indoctrinating his law students at U of Chicago to do this 1
nutsack of low-potency? 1
You forgot this: 1
You forgot the 1
That's a violation of the NAP! 1
"How about the insanely controversial ""gayness"" tests on the anti-gay senators?" 1
So am I just ignore my massive debts to Russia and China 1
He should be in charge of the economy! 1
"""But he can't be bought and he tells it like it is!""" 1
I just hire a Mexican on the street corner and bitch about the way we can't keep the illegals out of the country. 1
You're missing 'MURICAH you filthy commie non-murican! 1
Trump surrounds himself with only the best people! 1
Just another shill trying to... Correct the record! 1
"Calling trump a ""pathological liar"" and comparing him to Hitler isn't dangerous speech!" 1
Who stashed the pod under Sarah's bed? 1
but bernies too old. 1
But that would never happen - we're America and we're always right! 1
13 articles in this sub's first 2 pages...shouldn't we make a megathread to organize this properly? 1
Your comment: Treason! 1
At the risk of sounding crass... In curious to see how quickly the GOP restores the cuts since they ended up hurting a corporations profits. 1
But think of all the fun legal drugs we will get to do! 1
Yes but was he abused and attacked by someone from a position of privilege? 1
So all of the laid off insurance and health workers will be employed as burger flippers and mechanics? 1
Well he should just nominate hardcore tea partiers into all positions. 1
Change I can believe in! 1
Oh yeah cause the conservative GOP fundies have the facts 1
'cause nothing threatens me more than being chided for spreading my legs on the train/bus. 1
Those Scandinavian 'socialist' countries want to overturn the democratic election of Hillary Clinton for Bernie 1
Just trying to get government out of your life! 1
**Rigged** 1
But that's hard and unrealistic. 1
Because theres no way a black person could have those opinons 1
And now we are stuck with a violent child who elbows women in the genitals 4 times a day while teaching snowboarding and having nice hair but JUST NOT BEING READY. 1
Obviously the problem is that Democrats haven't been running far enough and fast enough from progressive values. 1
Yes because people haven't had bad things happen to them for going against the Clintons or anything 1
You dropped this 1
Have the homeless just tried not being poor or having a preexisting condition? 1
... except the brown ones 1
Even Swampthing packed it up and moved elsewhere! 1
But he tells us he beat 17 great candidates with his authenticity. 1
Yeah but only the NRA gets to define what is an assault weapon! 1
But Christian bakers may then have to bake cakes for gay couples! 1
No you are the real racist for talking about racism! 1
Nooo we're not allowed to draw obvious comparisons between Trump and dictators of the past because that's just liberal hyperbole 1
Becuase Hillary is a beacon of honesty 1
The Huffington Post's editorial board has been incredible lately. 1
But the Clinton Foundation is Pay to Play... 1
Genius insight no 1
Hey the pope never let a U2 pilot get shot down 1
Bernie sanders misogynist extraordinaire. 1
Because conservatives are always the victims. 1
Glad there's both representations of aruements in this subreddit :))) 1
The superdelegates will switch sides we have (more) debates! 1
Luckily they have been highlighted by a brave voice of dissent. 1
"The ""job creators""" 1
Clearly the poll is rigged/fixed. 1
"There's more of that good wholesome ""most progressive"" Hillary I know and love..." 1
no chance the birthers will allow a guy born in Canada to run..not gonna happen. 1
By banning assault weapons amirite? 1
What do facts matter with a good smear? 1
Yah because racist white people have never burned black churches in Mississippi before. 1
I heard they moved the kids to a place on Benning road in SE DC next to a drug corner...they should go check it out! 1
They don't count 1
This is so shocking 1
Hooray! 1
The minimum wage needs to be 1 cent! 1
Because we all know the powers of the president and how they have such huge sway over the countries economy! 1
**SEXIST** 1
No wonder the Chinese sensor their Internet pipes so much.. those people can't write English worth a damn! 1
"""And we're not going to say were sorry this time!""" 1
They're just the fringe 1
You mean the corrupt (((liberal))) tools in the media? 1
To be fair evasion is talking. 1
How is giving investment banks access to depositors money a bad idea? 1
But I thought we elected politicians to deal with this shit so we don't have to. 1
The Russians did it. 1
You just need to take the time to get informed. 1
This seems like a completely unbiased publication full of accurate information from reliable sources... 1
What difference does it make now? 1
yeah but that was in 2012 dollars. 1
But at least she's not a fascist! 1
Pretty sure he was 1
But what if she casts a spell on voters 1
"""That's good business.""" 1
I'm going to fucking kill you. 1
But he wasn't a crook! 1
You mean they didn't just chuck her into the garbage after her death panel? 1
Hillary knows how to get things done! 1
But regulation is the source of all evil in the economy and should be completely done away with! 1
Yea the border wall around Israel totally was a complete failure. 1
You have not seen the EU soup lines that are in the snow 24/7? 1
Well I have to give it to Pence for being introspective for a change. 1
It's just everyone being mean because we don't want a woman president 1
Totally sure Trump is quaking in his boots. 1
Good ole Rudy 1
More like Microshill am I right? 1
Well clearly those windmills are slowing the down the Earth's rotation and that is what is causing these weird climate changes. 1
I think it's called 'donating' or 'charity' or something like that 1
Well...they ARE outsiders...right? 1
Im sure the voters will notice that and vote them out. 1
At this point I'm wondering if there are enough children in DC to go around... 1
b but But Cheney just released a statement saying it did! 1
Well fighting for the people is something only a Looney socialist would do. 1
There's a special place in hell for you 1
It sounds like you need to think a little harder. 1
You didnt build that! 1
Only Republicans can be impartial. 1
Why do they hate working Americans? 1
Now you're sounding like a communist 1
It's not Breitbart so obviously biased. 1
You forgot the 1
Great timing New York State 1
That's how we know she doesn't play favorites and is sure to keep her promises! 1
Alot of honest political discussion here in the comment section 1
"What are ""facts"" anyway?" 1
Good job during the democratic primaries 1
Next up Arizona! 1
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is really into women's rights. 1
Use this at the end of your sarcastic statement: 1
Because that excuses killing innocent children and families. 1
That's because he's classy. 1
Nice to see how their bills were protecting mothers. 1
I'm praying for him. 1
You forgot the 1
"""Bluegrass Pundit"" sounds like a *highly* reputable news source!" 1
Case closed. 1
"But would you want to see the the joint chiefs on a 14""?" 1
WRONG 1
This article is a Nazi. 1
Transparency in government! 1
Because that's just what they did. 1
Silly lubril white people can't be terrorists. 1
She's just like us! 1
But I saw a brown person at a Trump rally once 1
Oh I member! 1
It's a good thing then that existing laws don't expire or we would be completely lawless! 1
Just like they destroyed her with Benghazi right 1
Well Pence wasn't running for President! 1
BUT ITS RAPEEEEEEEEEE 1
I'm sure Clinton is reassured to hear that. 1
You forgot the 1
Yeah fdr was so center left 1
RIGHT WING CONSPIRACIES. 1
It's definitely not mental health of individuals. 1
Thank God 1
Yeah not like every single post democratic debate poll hasn't shown Bernie Sanders winning. 1
Integrity is for losers 1
Don't worry boys that money will trickle down soon enough. 1
Why would a proud Republican ever step food outside the greatest nation that ever has been or will be? 1
Enforcing current immigration laws and better trade deals... what a disaster am I right? 1
Job creators should have the freedom not to pay their employes if their they are not worth the overtime. 1
I thought Putin picked the guy and just told Trump to appoint him. 1
That's because it was a Patriot ttacking child murderers 1
I thought Thesaurus'es were extinct. 1
Certainly the only political figure who ever had an attempt on their life. 1
California is manufacturing all the ballots it can. 1
we should all pray the funding away.... 1
Nice of Obama to show leadership on the topic like usual. 1
But he is prolife right? 1
Those countries look great 1
"Is that an ""entitlement"" or a beverage?" 1
That makes him smart 1
It was Quinn's initiative but fuck this state for trusting a Republican.. 1
Hopefully not the future healthiest president ever 1
Which would make a HUGE difference. 1
SO relevant! 1
You're obviously from a large metropolitan area. 1
But he'll never be able to negotiate anything with Congress 1
Why do you not like america? 1
Jesus was a commie. 1
Cause that's what college teaches ya 1
You forgot the 1
But those only proved he was smart! 1
Damn you liberal media! 1
Great a Commie as the head of the FBI... just another signal that our country is headed in the wrong direction 1
Well ya know interrupting Hillary is sexist so they wouldn't wanna do that. 1
I love when both sides point fingers 1
JPMorgan would be the progressive choice 1
Of course the black guy is cracking down on slavery. 1
"Well it wasn't called ""national socialism"" for nothing" 1
This is so relevant to the election. 1
What is a black county? 1
Violence never solves anything. 1
Yeah they really put a gun to her head and forced her to live beyond her means. 1
I think you forgot the 1
But zoning laws to prevent the storage of industrial quantities of explosive fertilizer near a school; now those are unreasonable. 1
They were all just false flags. 1
only the filthy poor people will be on fire 1
Delete your account 1
That's how Canadians are. 1
Nah! 1
No these are high info and well educated voters! 1
Yeah because she really needs it at this moment 1
Classy. 1
But the alternative was communism or something. 1
Obama and the Democratic party 1
For profit is Villian people shouldn't be motivated by increased wealth 1
Because maybe if Reddit didn't exist I might get some actual work done. 1
and a Ranger would never participate in a cover up either 1
I thought those who make common mistakes were called communists. 1
So eloquent and convincing. 1
We know that's all true because Fox News said so! 1
...but but but but Facebook told me that there's a slave ring being run in the basement of a pizza parlor that doesn't even have a basement! 1
FALSE FLAG! 1
But it makes people feel good and isn't that whats really important. 1
No way is he going to regret this... 1
Well he did....except for that *one* time 1
What could go wrong? 1
And absolutely NONE of it is Obama's fault! 1
'People of Colored People' just doesn't have the same ring to it. 1
Because that money is put to much more efficient use after being confiscated by government and pissed down a rathole. 1
If you are comfortable being a sexist pig who won't vote for a woman that is your business comma I just don't understand why you decided to share it but the rest of us. 1
But #notallchristians right? 1
Like Fox? 1
Oh he was probably just wanting to give Trump a hug or say something witty over the mic. 1
You left out the 1
Because the LAPD is well known for their level of discretion. 1
Say it ain't so. 1
Rand Paul hasn't been saying this for more than a year now. 1
Because obviously the white people will shoot the black people because they are racist. 1
Shocked by how smart it is? 1
He's got brown/black skin so he must be a Muslim 1
those evil unions are at it again! 1
Shocked that this thread is down voted so much. 1
Just stop with your white-male agenda. 1
They are--the freedom to be poor! 1
But he's anti-establishment and independent! 1
Needs a 1
Yeah because that's exactly what I said. 1
technically not white noise......more like...meh nevermind. 1
Uh Uh... it's unbiased 1
There's a reason it's called the White House people! 1
Every sarcastic comment does not need an 1
Nation building? 1
Don't you know it only matter is white people die 1
That means she'll lose men too.... Because the guys are only supporting Clinton to meet girls. 1
Richard Dawkins - Loved him on Family Fued 1
I mean look at German and what they are doing with their immigrants 1
Nothing bad can come of this. 1
We should blame Hillary supporters for this with no proof. 1
They should build better bootstraps and quit whining like the liberals they are. 1
Yeah putting that poem on the statue of liberty seems sort of short sighted now. 1
Obviously these 3 men are in jail because of racism. 1
This is a sub of tolerance. 1
damnit* 1
Yeah I think it's rule #136 - any anti Hilary video that gets over 5k up votes gets removed. 1
All I know is that he disagrees with me therefore he must eat babies 1
He must be too far right for the liberal media. 1
You mean it's not the people? 1
The record was overcorrected and now we gotta correct it back 1
Next thing you know they will start getting uppity. 1
There are sexual intentions in marriage? 1
How can global warming be real if it's still snowing? 1
That's a completely rational way to decide who gets the nuclear codes. 1
But that doesn't satisfy the urge to just burn down the establishment in a fit of petulant rage. 1
Hey religion caused a massive AIDS epidemic in Indiana when they one down here but at least whores will be forced to suffer! 1
Yeah dissolving the Iraqi army was brilliant move that insured victory and stability in the country. 1
I am sure they will let you out to vote next November. 1
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. 1
Because RCP is unbiased... 1
you forgot your 1
YouTube is an excellent forum for discussing politics. 1
"TSA and NSA can console each other over the American Public being so ""mean to them about their job.""" 1
"This is all obvious proof that the liberal media allowed Romney to ""win"" a debate with lies only to allow their pet Democrat liberal socialist get away with all *his* lies in the next one." 1
Because that's how you create healthy discussions 1
Those sneaky Chinese. 1
genius 1
But think of all the bankruptcy attorneys it would put out of business! 1
Now THAT is what I call outreach to millennials! 1
It's because of my effective CTR shilling! 1
"Back when ""urban communities"" were great." 1
And they say fearmongering is exclusive to the right 1
Any source is a good source if it's against Clinton. 1
What a great use of tax dollars! 1
There's absolutely no bias in this study because it was done by objective Bernie Sanders supporters 1
"Surely property damage from some weekend vandalism of an empty GOP office is worse ""terrorism""." 1
They would vote for Donald Trump! 1
It'll be great again once we kick out all the brown people 1
Why don't you like children? 1
Because that dog did nothing wrong and the black guy clearly deserved it 1
Shows he's smart. 1
It was basically just the tip though 1
Citation or it didn't happen. 1
"Sure call the FBI and ask them to tell their 100+ agents to stop ""witch hunting"" with the ""vast right wing conspiracy"" infected by ""clinton derangement syndrome""." 1
Sounds like another repube jobs bill to me. 1
And the first Native American! 1
A clever thing to say to cover up why you're high on meth! 1
There are those illegal voters Donald was warning us about. 1
"a staffer tweeted ""Delete your account"" Such ownage" 1
That was unpredictable. 1
All you people are just clearly exaggerating with your complaints. 1
bristol palin begs to differ 1
It's a conspiracy! 1
Can't tell if 1
here you dropped this: 1
Sure because trump was chosen by the elites to rule us all 1
Well after all is said and done ... in the end nobody in highschool ever reads the textbooks 1
Quit being a bible thumping racist 1
Why not just give bees antibiotics like we do cows? 1
To the front page! 1
Whatareyoufuckenuts ? 1
What happened to all the good brain people 1
This isn't his skin being thin this is him showing he has power! 1
"Respect my ""economic anxiety"" and pander to my bias." 1
But she opened a jar of pickles! 1
"""When are we going to drone strike Oregon?""" 1
Chelsea Clinton 2032! 1
The unemployed are lazy welfare queens. 1
I'm sure the more expensive employer-funded healthcare option will better help reduce debt. 1
Did the GOP redraw state boundaries after 2010? 1
But what about magic underwear? 1
Couldn't be a cultural problem. 1
What racism? 1
Leave it to old non-white non-liberal women to F this up 1
Obviously we should hand them more power so they have even less accountability for their actions! 1
time to start gerrymandering! 1
But there's no *proof* who the *target* of the investigation is. 1
He wanted Hillary but couldn't afford her speaking fee 1
All the more reason why she should be elected to the most powerful position in the world. 1
Did he used to be a crossdressing waitress -- is he speaking from experience? 1
how will the job creators efficiently rob the country if we keep spending the money on legitimate things. 1
He is one because. 1
This must be why other developed nations always apply this method. 1
missing the 1
I'm sure he'll say it is unethical and he really wishes he didn't have to do it. 1
-giggles- Impeach! 1
But Trump is going to cause the apocalypse and is Hitler and Stalin multiplied by a billion. 1
Violence is fine; it teaches toughness 1
...totally in play 1
Because uprooting your entire life and moving to the other side of the country is an easy thing to do. 1
He whipped out the Russian thing again. 1
Such a hero! 1
because it has work so well so far 1
Just one more thing men are better than women at. 1
Stop liking things I don't like! 1
You forgot how bad Rap music and porn is for people 1
But all three of those figures are supporting Clinton over Sanders :&lt; they're not real progressives. 1
yea those aren't names so... wrong! 1
You omitted the 1
Thats discrimination! 1
Wow this is definitely not the type of article that I'd expect to see on Newsmax. 1
But #Benghazi 1
More brilliant ideas from the Trump campaign. 1
He' just the guy to do it for sure 1
there's an implicit 1
That might not be legal in NC after the vote in the legislature this week. 1
But what do we do if we need to deliver freedom to brown people across the world? 1
Well now that you told them how... 1
Because something you say in a movie reflects your politics just as strongly as if you say it in a political rally. 1
Glad to see the pre-crime unit is in full swing. 1
And that's why Obama is responsible for this act of terrorism 1
I feel like this is missing a 1
We did it Reddit! 1
Certain minorities will get these license plates next because they disproportionately run red lights and it's not fair. 1
Wow what a great piece of in depth political analysis that was. 1
Just another example of how McCain isn't a 'real' Republican 1
learn what sarcasm is dumbass 1
That's a real apples to apples comparison right there.... 1
Good thing Obama didn't bailout Wall Street. 1
"""Trump won because of racist uneducated white males""" 1
Well it's about damn time that someone gives white people a voice in this country. 1
My family was so broke my brother and I had to SHARE our new christmas video game console like heathens! 1
But but.. Correct the record! 1
And if Trump builds that wall they will be stuck here. 1
Good thing he's going to put his business in a blind trust. 1
It's just coincidence. 1
*colour 1
"Was that a ""bigfoot sighting"" link in the lower right corner?" 1
Just another classic example of Obama not working with others. 1
Michelle Obama for the Senate 2018! 1
Gaga for Senate! 1
How dare you say that here! 1
Yeah forgot the 1
that makes him smart 1
I'm sure they'll make up for it in pro football players. 1
The 147th FBI investigator's fourth cousin twice removed leaked this (Think 7 degrees of separation here) 1
Yeah the poll probably lied 1
Stop victim blaming! 1
Because the tax cuts during Bush's 8 years lead to such a healthy economy and so many jobs. 1
Clearly that is what trump does 1
Playing the race card 1
I'm sure you do 1
Well his circumstance isn't like that so OBVIOUSLY everyone else is just being dramatic. 1
I'm sorry I didn't say something pleasant and positive about your girl. 1
If only her opponent had that problem too ... 1
More phallic imagery from the dominant heteronormative patriarchy. 1
Because a government bureaucrat (who probably transferred over from the DMV or the IRS) would *NEVER* do anything to harm peoples. 1
I raised $0 for the (((Republican Party))). 1
Yes because they are equally to blame. 1
Tomorrows NYT: FBI claims nothing suspicious found in FBI Twitter activity. 1
I had the understanding that ANYTHING not produced by the right wing was against them and a conspiracy to bring them down. 1
That money should be spent on social justice! 1
Wrrrong 1
No 1
Yes because the voter base uses Twitter 1
Well it *will* be once we ~~get rid of the minorities~~ MAGA 1
Right wing conspiracy. 1
How articulate and coherent that response was. 1
not sure if missing the 1
Learn to Capitalism yah damn commie! 1
Sorry. 1
He is low energy 1
I'm sure you're an expert on tax legislation. 1
Surely they will raise the debt ceiling.. we can't hurt McConnell's economy. 1
The only logical option is to make an even more serious classification for heroin. 1
don't you mean Nate Plastic? 1
Just study it out. 1
they are projecting 6% growth to pay for it...sounds likely 1
A douche killed my father! 1
Hey now everyone that's going to vote for Trump can point to this as an apology for the specific things that he said that bothered them. 1
How else are they going to have the extra money to create jobs? 1
Perhaps that explains why they seem so intent on keeping everyone else poor... What a selfless act on their part 1
Lock her up! 1
Are we allowed to talk about that? 1
Well clearly that meets the standard of immediate threat then. 1
It's gona kill small business! 1
But she's planning for strong regulations. 1
This Clinton lady sounds like a real class act 1
He's probably a liberal trying to destroy the tea party 1
sorry but in modern politics your past is directly relevant to the validity of what you are currently stating. 1
Nah guys people just want a get out of jail free stuff card 1
In attempts to rattle the Kenyan mooslim commie that Americans elected twice... obumbum 1
But he sounds so smart! 1
Yeah making good decisions sounds like stupid advice for sure 1
More jobs! 1
Lol you libs with your facts and science and logic.... 1
The fact it isn't praising Hillary. 1
Oh yeah how could I forget all those abortion doctor killings carried out by the radical left 1
Hey Trump University is just as bad as Hillary going against national security when she is the Secretary of State 1
Hey I'm all for a law that prevents Republicans from voting. 1
Then they are transphobes. 1
I'm sure this will really take off in this sub. 1
I'm sure criminals will quickly take advantage of this law and start carrying their guns openly. 1
I thought Republicans were pro free trade? 1
But he's different 1
She started it! 1
This is so democratic! 1
We should cut taxes more and bomb Iran and maybe we'll get rid of that deficit 1
Just like the total desperation america felt when it just *had* to invade Vietnam. 1
I am so confused without a 1
But it got gold so it must be true 1
He must be *super* strong. 1
Just who I want in charge 1
That's helpful 1
Yeah they would much rather vote for Hillary 1
But she didn't coordinate with the 'Ready for Hillary' initiative. 1
Yeah but she's white so that doesn't count! 1
The only people who don't vote for my candidate are ignorant retards! 1
Just as the founders intended 1
but how are we supposed to know which girls to slut-shame if they don't get pregnant? 1
She has evolved. 1
More dead brownies for the blood God 1
He never met with Obama. 1
We should use the New Hampshire ratio 1
but it will help exports! 1
Coming from such a credible source I cannot help but believe this is true! 1
Trump already knows how to grab pussy? 1
"They were just ""advising"" don't you know anything?" 1
I guess the problem is that she should know her place as a glorified barbie doll? 1
Yeah people absolutely deserve torture because they smoked some pot 1
It's like these socialist commies don't understand the road to wealth! 1
Illustrates the lack of racism endemic in the party. 1
Why oh why can't we return to the halcyon economy of 2008 before Obama became president? 1
Obviously he's a sexist towards everyone then. 1
But it worked for Iceland. 1
Because Trump is literally an authoritarian dictator who will destroy the world in a hailstorm of nuclear missiles 1
Locker room banter 1
I have the upmost sympathy for him 1
I'm looking forward to the flood of self-analysis and reflection among right wing talking heads as they try to understand how they could have been so wrong on something so big. 1
Good thing the Trumplings didn't vote for the candidate that wanted war! 1
You don't rich by spending money ya chump! 1
How many of these people were super predators 1
And don't forget that climate change is a hoax created by china to undermine US industry! 1
But if it saves just one life! 1
Its funny to make fun of a people's ancestry if a progressive does it. 1
No they are pro-job creators! 1
What is morality? 1
And so professionally without sensationalism 1
Obviously grilling sanders and letting Hillary off the hook here 1
Republican party is such a great political party that every Republican should be very very proud. 1
Every Washington Post source! 1
Yes but that was a much smaller less important disaster 1
Surely it was Bill Clinton's antics that turned the tide 1
"""hurrr Hillary emails!""" 1
Country First. 1
You mean take personal responsibility? 1
It is if we suspend due process and hurry the process along! 1
Obviously they approved it because they're in the Clintons' pockets. 1
To me it's simply amazing that Hillary isn't doing everything her opponents want her to do. 1
needs 1
Exactly what the Chinese would say... 1
"AND ITS NOT ""RACIST"" BECAUSE ISLAM IS NOT A RACE!" 1
Why won't all those immigrant black people go back to Africa? 1
But liberals are the REAL racists! 1
They were all staying home last time because they liked the black muslim socialist so much. 1
public flogging was the only solution 1
Better build a wall. 1
Now if we could only find that one thing that will turn everyone straight. 1
But only in red states 1
It touches my heart to learn how deeply concerned The American Conservative is with the well being of the Left. 1
Apparently you contribute nothing to society and therefore should not be paid. 1
Yes the crafty terrorists tracked him down to his home in Harrisonburg VA where he was courageously defending his home turf 1
cool it down with the anti-semitism buddy 1
Shovel ready jobs 1
The problem is we didn't give the job creators enough money. 1
Yeah her expertise is astounding 1
why don't socialists want to be hungry? 1
Damn Northern Aggression. 1
Says who? 1
You mean the guy who would run for either party is a moderate? 1
Isn't it interesting that is exactly the proportion of the poplar vote he won by? 1
But Donald Trump is the racist. 1
You dropped this (i hope): 1
But the 90's were so prosperous. 1
Yeah the black population has been doing fantastic the last eight years! 1
But he's right because Obama was alive during 9/11! 1
God will know if you lie and will somehow punish you for it. 1
But.. but.. aren't you supposed to be *trying* to keep it weird? 1
Alt-news sites from Macedonia. 1
I believe in the freedom to let people oppress other people. 1
But why should I give a shit about your health even though single payer will give me much more benefits and keep me healthier? 1
I'm sure that will bring the people frustrated with the establishment back in line. 1
Hey now she didn't mean rape in a literal or criminal sense 1
Yah cause Bernie is such a good debater 1
But God is in control! 1
Wouldn't it be easier for you to just accept that logical fallacies are the best scope through which to view the world? 1
Oooh how nice of him. 1
You forgot this: 1
My bet was on green party 1
lol 1
solar power? 1
Liberals: the election is rigged Conservatives: the election is rigged Congrats on bringing the country together to agree on something 1
no shhh he's an evil uncle tom who hates america 1
I guess we can just turn to Nazism and kill those we deem inappropriate ... 1
because hilary is defintely the president we need 1
Have you tried working harder and not feeling entitled to food? 1
You'll see! 1
Someone should ask Judge Judy what she thinks. 1
By admitting that racism is still alive 1
Its good too the money used to fight terrorism and the illicit drug gangs is being used for good use. 1
is there a list where we can recommend people for the death panel? 1
Yeah 'cause adding god to the equation doesn't make it an even smellier pile of bullshit..... 1
I expected Sanders to say that he is the chosen one. 1
No need to be so blunt about it. 1
/me checks your post for an invisible 1
This explains why he killed his girlfriend first. 1
Welp time for another crusade it looks like 1
It's OK guys it'll make Romney richer. 1
But then we'll have an autistic VP! 1
the south wouldve won too if we didnt run outta bullets 1
Boeing should be held accountable for 9-11. 1
Lol yeah clean energy sources don't produce any power...? 1
You mean Hillary hasn't already offered you this deal? 1
Perhaps he should stay in the race in case she gets assassinated 1
You forgot to add 1
Sooo you're saying there's a chance? 1
Are you contrasting that with the respectful and deferential treatment the left gave to Bush? 1
Yes because I'm sure these were likely republican voters 1
But how is Trump's 'convention bump' getting into Hillary's Democratic convention? 1
They rigged the election AND the polls! 1
That's because the liberal elite are trampling God's word out of our school texts. 1
Irish isn't a race so totally not racist bro 1
"but Common Core ""New"" Math claims 2+2=5" 1
Yeah protests have never accomplished anything 1
But Hillary supporters always say 'love *trumps* hate'! 1
Why wouldn't Hispanic Americans want to stop the flood of rapists coming from mexico? 1
Of course they did. 1
I am sure the daily caller had nothing to do with it 1
This guy should run for President! 1
Clearly lying to try and cover her ass makes her a sociopath... 1
Forgot 1
Only after Hillary releases her transcripts! 1
This is gonna be a shocker! 1
Well their money is still good. 1
Baseless right wing attacks! 1
Shouldn't the free market decide if the Mississippi river is rising or falling? 1
Yeah I'm sure some minority neighborhoods not even *having* a polling booth really helped Hillary 1
Much easier than just not killing people. 1
Both sides are fucked ..... so VOTE REPUBLICAN! 1
Religion - the original bro's before ho's 1
I'm sure you have data to back that up. 1
But we are silly for protesting 1
We should ban parents from entering the country! 1
Bern it down! 1
I thought that was what the healthcare reform bill was for? 1
Yeah all those things sound like something Bernie Sanders and his supporters would say. 1
Yes because I'm sure the Republicans on the committee aren't motivated by poltical gain. 1
because anyone that stands up for your rights and other peoples rights is a Con. 1
Obviously Bernie should find every single one of his supporters and tell them personally not to disrupt rallies.. 1
You're *so entitled*. 1
quality content 1
because background checks next step is COMMUNISM 1
Why not just let the states vote on whether inter-racial marriage is legal or not? 1
No remember that was Russian hackers interfering in our election 1
Wow I can't believe George W Bush is a CTR shill 1
Surely he is not weighing in on their op-ed page. 1
False - They obviously just hate our freedom. 1
It's amazing a completely non-partisan group like WikiLeaks still hasn't been able to find these. 1
But but... Russia WROTE the Podesta emails! 1
you forgot the 1
Obama the divider. 1
"""Please stop their free speech!""" 1
I bet it is hard to get into the needle like that. 1
You dropped your 1
Lots of great comment threads here... 1
How could RP deny his citizens all that free money? 1
USA after Trump wins the election: 'Horrible' but these things happen 1
I'm glad you actually read my post and responded to it. 1
Well what do you expect from a black socialist muslim Kenyan gun grabbing demoncrat? 1
Sounds practical. 1
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH 1
But he has $10 BILLION dollars! 1
Are you commenting on her slip? 1
You forgot this: 1
Right because laissez-faire worked so well for so many South American countries like Chile 1
Nobody said anything about black people. 1
Ridiculous exaggerations and sarcasm are effective tools of persuasion. 1
You mean he can't build a wall 10-15' high and nearly a thousand miles long; also he'd have Mexico pay for it? 1
But this doesn't fit the sensationalist narrative that I want to believe! 1
"""what difference does it make?!""" 1
Let the states handle foreign relations 1
It's a Chinese conspiracy! 1
"Privatize the courts for profit and ""bonuses"" for the executive and legislative branches." 1
It is 2 bad words. 1
He still has to bomb Iran Syria and Putin only a few days left. 1
I find that hard to believe. 1
If that were TRUE... wouldn't the FREE MARKET have fixed it by now? 1
Do you really want your home powered by Mexican electrons? 1
you may get your wish! 1
You dirty socialist 1
And the money for this will just fall out of the sky! 1
You really think gun grabbers would just lie like that? 1
We should just have the Girl Scouts have a cookie drive 1
under budget and ahead of schedule.... 1
He is the healthiest President ever. 1
Solid retort you've convinced me! 1
That's because they're lazy 1
But... But... Fox News told me Obama is shutting down the government! 1
Goddamn socialist swine. 1
But the teachers are evil. 1
Smh moderates be like 1
Everyone knows it was the Szechuans... 1
I mean obviously was 1
Those words.. is it possible to use them in a sentence together like that? 1
its just a security review tho 1
Yeah that must be it. 1
vote twice? 1
This is a statement bound to fill the American people with confidence. 1
But he needs to die with millions of numbers in his bank account otherwise he's a failure. 1
It's easier to just fill up the swamp with dollar bills than drain it. 1
The issue there is that women aren't smart enough to be able to make life-changing decisions for themselves. 1
All those reliable news networks! 1
Maybe Hillary can team up with Melania to help fight it! 1
She won't be shouted down. 1
I'm sure it is 1
no no no... People who disagree with him *must* be paid to do so. 1
This isn't about Bernie Sanders why did you even post it? 1
It's a good think Chenney and Bush deleted those 22 million emails then! 1
It sure is a good thing Colin Powell and Hillary Clinton encrypted their emails because we can't read them now. 1
too bad the democratic candidate didn't propose this 1
no influence on hillary at all right guys? 1
A terrible human being and a terrible business person are just what this country needs right now. 1
Please tell me you just forgot the 1
He really turned around Newark 1
I hope they are all going through background checks like we do here. 1
I wouldn't be satisfied until I had their social security numbers and was able to verify their identity by opening a credit card in their name. 1
Yes because all republicans are racist bigots 1
All those guns are definitely going to the good guys. 1
So glad to know negligence is an alibi now. 1
Proof that we finally got all them terrorists! 1
Finally no **slave tax** keeping me down! 1
Yes all those protestors were republicans. 1
Have they not heard of google? 1
But I thought things were getting better! 1
Call Sean Hannity.He calls trump the blue collar billionaire 1
They sure did help President Romney. 1
The fact that she always gets away with it proves how corrupt she it. 1
you forgot the 1
Thanks for telling me I'm not Jewish enough because I vote Democrat! 1
Jews. 1
I don't get this debate... It's not like the right to due process is written explicitly in the Constitution 1
Yeah but still..... 1
Well he said he was going to give a bunch of Americans jobs again. 1
Well the GOP has majority in Congress .... So that's ok 1
Yeah... but like... if Bernie loses... we're all voting for GOP bc F*** hillary right? 1
But then Obama might not have gotten elected for a second term 1
Hillary would never take a big check from the pharmaceutical industry and it certainly would never affect her thoughts on the issue of marijuana legalization. 1
But the children! 1
And I thought it was hay fever all this time. 1
Sure it won't 1
It's just Trump's convention bump 1
What a shill of you. 1
It's the FBI's fault 1
It is a Christmas Miracle! 1
Yeah obviously he should self fund with all dat weed money! 1
Abstinence. 1
Still less of a hawk than Hillary. 1
He should use turbotax. 1
Yeah and it's not like Trump ever changes his views every three days 1
Thanks for staying classy Kevin. 1
I can't believe no one thought of that before now! 1
While you are at it lets roll back the clock so only land owners can vote. 1
I dropped something 1
Google: top 10 reasons Sanders should be president Ooh looks like I've got everything I need here! 1
Although I hear being a military contractor is a very lucrative business. 1
Well what's the point in running for congress if it isn't going to land you a cushy job as a lobbyiest? 1
TIL donations = stealing. 1
But Al Gore invented the Internet 1
You mean they don't? 1
It really is just a small loan when you think about it 1
Depends on the will of the people 1
But ... but ... it's evil socialism. 1
No but you don't understand only Republicans can have self-serving interpretations of what the truth is 1
Them schools'll just teach them liberal brainwarshing! 1
Yeah fuck all those enslaved Black people that we freed! 1
Well there's a sound argument if I've ever seen one. 1
because that will keep them out of the hands of the Natives! 1
I mean he is saying what we're all thinking right? 1
look how well that worked. 1
I'm getting so tired of winning.... 1
But it's heritage not hate! 1
Yeah taking away my AR15s is going to do so much to stop crazed terrorists from committing atrocities. 1
I am sure this will help the economy and create jobs. 1
You forgot to add 1
You spelled ACORN wrong. 1
Like OK *really* has enough of a border to count? 1
Yea but she had lighter skin so it's a non issue. 1
Those weren't companies they were people. 1
Are they still pissed off about that video? 1
I'm sure Loretta Lynch and the Justice Department will be monitoring this closely to make sure there is no voter intimidation in these letters. 1
and WAPO proudly proclaims that Hillary's Shit Doesn't Stink (and all the polls prove it.) 1
This is why we need to re-commit to coal. 1
So that's why she's supporting Biden's initiative! 1
BUT EMAILS. 1
idk but i believe everything the huffingtonpost writes 1
Conservative 'education'? 1
We are only interested in high energy facts. 1
what a wonderful user history 1
Yup you're right let's cause a huge 1930's level global depression that's the ticket. 1
Right because the evidence is *clearly* on her side. 1
That's for science. 1
She's just so relatable! 1
People were booing Trump so now he takes revenge on Boeing 1
At least we brought democracy to the middle east 1
Please tell me you dropped this 1
To be fair he was still a black man in 2005. 1
Oh yeah...Haaretz...always concerned about the Jews they are 1
I'm sure she was emailing the nuclear launch codes around. 1
No shit .. really? 1
The wonderful structured education system that is showing wonderful results! 1
"I'm guessing they think Romney is just doing damage control to conceal the ""hard truth"" of the moochers in this country." 1
I guess I should have added a 1
It rounds up to fit my narrative! 1
And everyone was honest about the Iraq war. 1
Anything negative toward Clinton is sexism haven't you heard? 1
You forgot the 1
This is worthy news to be on the front page. 1
You forgot the 1
Dont they know only the voters can decide appointments in the year of elections? 1
shocking... 1
Was Brangelina split was orchestrated to deflect attention from Clinton emails? 1
Then it must be true! 1
All torture shall be forbidden. 1
I'M LITERALLY SHAKING 1
Guns keep America safe once again. 1
But it's OK when Dear Leader Barry did it. 1
what kind of awful person would think that was acceptable to do to a woman? 1
you'll make great pets? 1
What do they know about being president? 1
Yeah a future of clean air and water is NOT what we need right now. 1
I bet it's about yoga! 1
That's because white privilege 1
LOL - yeah Bill Clinton was such a terrible president am I right 1
Things must have been so much better when you were there. 1
"But... ""unlimited barcalounger privileges.""" 1
I should hope so its the emergency phone number 1
Because a lack of income couldn't possibly weigh down on a family and be a major cause of stress. 1
Because Republicans want smaller government. 1
This is nothing more than a distraction 1
That's why he got congressional approval for Libya. 1
LIBRULS ARE WHY CONSERVATIVES KILL PEOPLE! 1
And principled too! 1
that must be why sanders endorsed trump! 1
I can think of a few names 1
Sounds very scientific and rooted in facts. 1
This guy... This guy's got it! 1
Probably because white people gotta get back to their job. 1
This is so shocking! 1
You forgot your 1
Bernie is a prime example of that 1
Oh man it's so sad to see Justice folding to Trump's demands like this. 1
I am sure all the Berniebros know more about the situation on the border than these guys though. 1
But superdelegates are undemocratic and don't represent the will of the people! 1
They were introduced by republicans. 1
Yeah that Obama guy was the fucking worst 1
But she didn't KNOWINGLY lie! 1
Obviously Hillary should have solved a thousand years of conflict in the 4 years she was SoS. 1
Yup.. Banning guns works! 1
Obviously we need to start arming bus drivers. 1
I'm pretty sure Hillary's emails will be the reason for the next 9/11. 1
He was clearly being literal. 1
None of my white neighbors think so. 1
I'm sure this will damage his reputation among the mindless Christians that follow him. 1
Yeah no need to dot your 'i's and cross your 't's in a case like this... 1
SO nice to see that the bernie supporters are being so peaceful and that its everyone else being volatile . 1
"Cuz something called ""operation wetback"" is totally what we should be basing policy off of" 1
Money doesn't buy elections dont you know? 1
How very inspiring... 1
1st amendment is overrated anyway. 1
Well in her defense how can she make money if a higher education is subsidized..jist think of the issues she will have to face 1
"I suppose the ""free market"" sans government would cure all illnesses of society." 1
Ooh man that one hurt! 1
Something about the quality there is just so attractive. 1
Yes but he dared acknowledge his existence and answer his questions! 1
Entertainment? 1
But the USA is too big/too multicultural/too federal/too heterogenous/too free/too unequal/too democratic/too republican/too rich/too conservative/too religious for such programs ever to work here! 1
Don't forget about the chemtrails! 1
Thank you Bush! 1
I do so enjoy watching my generation be the whipping boy for the media and American politics. 1
Knowing the context of situations before spouting off bigotry is for losers! 1
You dropped this: 1
I think you dropped this 1
Yeah I thought only limp wrested liberals could be be triggered. 1
What they need are some Superdelegates! 1
Says the racist 1
uh - huh 1
Petty vindictiveness is very presidential! 1
Nonsense everyone knows you can use guns to take on an army of drones! 1
Yeah we'll build a giant refrigerator and cool the earth! 1
But that's communism! 1
Scientific research has proven that ex cons get the best Jobs 1
He forgot the 1
That would have been the perfect thing for Neil Armstrong to say on the moon. 1
That's assuming you think they count as people 1
We are so fortunate to have Trump fighting through those painful bone spurs (which forced him to defer military service) lecture the former dean of the Army War College about military strategy. 1
Obviously they prefer bullets thrown at them over feminine product 1
10-1=9 90-10=80 i know my maths bro 1
my face when this all turned out to be a long con for advertising holiday inns. 1
Republicans staying out of the way of businesses confirmed.. 1
I think he forgot the 1
What a rational comment... 1
Good thing that war in Iraq magically paid for itself with oil or something. 1
Everyone be sure and thank her for the Trump administration. 1
Its the republicans fault anyway 1
Commie. 1
God and Jesus think for them. 1
How do they not understand that religious freedom is for Christians only? 1
Of course it comes from the asian. 1
Speak Spanish 1
Of course he does... FROM KENYA! 1
I hope so give them paranoid whities something to really fear. 1
He was being sarcastic. 1
BOTH PARTIES ARE THE SAME! 1
Definitely forgot the 1
Well he has a super PAC so no doubt John Stewart is pulling Steven's puppet strings! 1
**THANKSBLACKPEOPLE** 1
Don't you know it is all just economic anxiety? 1
That explains why all those production jobs came back to the US after unions got weaker. 1
If only all those BernieBros weren't brigading the polls 1
Communist. 1
that's a shocker... 1
Because the title is all the information I need to make a judgement 1
Sure they do. 1
It makes sense if you consider all this empty prison space we have going completely unused. 1
stupid idealist's with their stupid idealism! 1
And then sexually assault the unicorn in a pizza joint and post it on instagram 1
except the power of God! 1
Have you tried working more? 1
Surely the answer lies in one or the other extreme.... 1
Gotta reward a good idea. 1
I wonder if a donation to the Clinton Foundation is involved? 1
"""If you die because they don't let you buy insurance then don't shop there next time.""" 1
I guess it has to be true if a well respected statesman like Putin says this 1
They also boycotted Rogue One and Target and it really hurt there numbers 1
Discounting the mother like a true privileged product of The Patriarchy. 1
Now *that's* pro-life in action. 1
Because the SCOTUS didn't really say it was unconstitutional. 1
Well close enough 1
Take that America! 1
But 20+ years of a conservative Supreme Court won't matter when the revolution happens. 1
You forgot your 1
It is what Jesus would do. 1
dude take some fucking personal responsibility and not get diabetes 1
"They aren't part of the ""true faith""." 1
Because she was a fatty and Trump had to make sure we all know that being a fatty is a yuge problem. 1
Couldn't find it in the dictionary.. 1
Yeah they definitely didn't learn a hard lesson. 1
It could *never* happen in America. 1
That like to spend his time listening to sermons from controversial pastor Jeremiah wright.. At a Christian church..where Muslims typically hang out. 1
This is so why Trump got elected. 1
to the downvoters: you missed the implied 1
They are obviously in need of voter ID law. 1
But they'll become dependent! 1
That Obama sure is slow he's been coming for our guns for what almost 7-8 years and he still isn't here to take my guns? 1
Just take a look at all the blood in Colorado 1
But i thought he hates the military? 1
That'll work sooo well 1
Jumping to conclusions here. 1
surprising considering it is an evangelical college 1
"we'll have to bring it to the floor at our next meeting of ""leftists""" 1
But sexism has nothing to do with this 1
Obama is a Nobel Peace Prize winner.. he respects human life 1
You mean like Ben Carson? 1
Clearly he meant something horrifically racist that just curdles the blood of anyone who actually hears it. 1
Someone's gotta make sure the frogs stop being gay. 1
you forgot the 1
I gave an easy one to remember not long in the past; don't want to go confusing too many people here. 1
If everyone painted their roofs white and made sure their tires were properly inflated it would fix everything. 1
I'm sure she can't sleep at night 1
Who? 1
Hobby Lobby should keep their ~~slaves~~ workers in cages to monitor their religiousness at all times. 1
That's right because no one ever votes based on policies or issues. 1
But but but the liberal media wants you to think that.... 1
i meant to 1
Something something Germany protecting from Bolsheviks 1
I for one want to pay the most amount of tax possible on all my earned wealth. 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
A Clinton pledge is worth a lot 1
Then we need a Poli gag bill. 1
This'll really help secure the undecided no racist vote for trump 1
False Flag. 1
:O 1
But it's just the Earth's natural cycle! 1
"""Radical pre-existing condition""...he won't even say the words!" 1
Well Bush would have been acting in a bipartisan manner if the left would have realized how awesome right-wing policies were. 1
But family farmers! 1
This is why Colorado has become a burning hellscape of violence..... 1
But corporations are people! 1
I'm sure Obama will get on it and fix it right away! 1
Your personal anecdote is *very* compelling. 1
You forgot the 1
Smelling your poop I bet 1
SCOTUS would have him deported. 1
Couldn't happen to a nicer person. 1
Which is the god damn globalists fault! 1
"A man lying down with hands up is shot by police but police violence isn't an actual issue and ""stop killing people that don't need to be killed"" isn't a call for action." 1
Those black people don't know how to vote! 1
I choose not to own knives to statistically avoid a member of my household getting stabbed. 1
Putin got the election he paid his 1337 hax0r team for. 1
The reptilian-illuminati! 1
It's still Bush's fault. 1
Trump/Palin 2016! 1
oh this one's gonna pass 1
"Don't you mean ""intensive purposes""?" 1
I think it was about 15. 1
Some people just work harder at keeping other people down than others. 1
But midterms are boring and don't mean anything! 1
He showed a lot of respect by not going to his funeral too 1
But but but he did something that caused something that made that happen..... 1
Well now that you called him privileged I'm sure he will change his vote and not enforce the idea that his vote is a fuck you to people like you! 1
Grope the country? 1
That will be fair and balanced 1
Someone has to bravely fight the black single mothers who have survived on steaks and lobster for 50 generations. 1
at least till you are out and have to deal with the VA 1
Thanks obama 1
Why do you hate success? 1
As opposed to covertly and actively. 1
Because there's only one culture? 1
I wonder why nobody is doing any polls of Trump vs Bill Clinton? 1
Yeah us terrible Americans wouldn't let them get married til recently we are just like those Muslims who murder and behead gays right? 1
You forgot the 1
"But but ""FAKE NEWS""" 1
What's wrong with running military operations in Libya without telling the DoD? 1
You owe it to the democratic party to settle for whatever they put up and your a privileged asshole if you think otherwise. 1
I'm still on the fence until Tony Basil makes her endorsement. 1
Yeah maybe Bernie should create an email scandal just for all the extra press! 1
Yes this is exactly why Donald Trump should be president. 1
But we probably should have just let it go bankrupt like the markets wanted. 1
HAHA it's funny because he's black and black people steal things. 1
But this makes sense and it's the way it should be. 1
Sweden is a failure 1
Donald trump is very careful and responsible with other people's money 1
Herself telling the truth 1
He better hurry up with that Sharia law 1
"But she said she's ""a progressive that likes to get things done!""" 1
Good to see that young progressives have decided to help Rush Limbaugh achieve his lifelong goal. 1
Well this is so shocking 1
But voting is hard q-q 1
potters field and hell for you 1
Mods please delete this it should be in the Cruz mega thread 1
Damn Bernie Bros. 1
Democrat control of Congress from 1952-1994 had nothing at all to do with gerrymandering. 1
...But who will save us from these skewed polls now? 1
It is almost as if the government lobbyists shaped a bill to remove the negative impacts on tech/internet so they wouldn't go against it. 1
Yea fuck all the regular employees trying to do their job 1
Yeah because voting isn't totally rigged! 1
I'll sell you my tar sands oil rights. 1
DWS acted alone. 1
2008 under republicans 1
makes sense 1
you forgot the 1
but is she 400lbs? 1
people out of work however should starve to death for they lack the virtues that would make them worth keeping alive. 1
Hero who did what needed done 1
And I'm sure Germans who fly nazi flags are doing it to remind them of history. 1
o i have a hard time reading sarcasm 1
But everyone *knows* minorities aren't treated like second class citizens! 1
I hear you prefer tolerance over religious fundamentalism....HOW DARE YOU TAKE AWAY OUR AMERICAN RIGHT TO SHOVE CHRISTIANITY DOWN OTHERS THROATS? 1
"She worked with them to prepare for her role in ""The Company You Keep""" 1
Can you prove he *wasn't*? 1
We're talking about whites an hispanics though 1
But beer is a ln American past time.. unlike that God damn hippy weed. 1
All due to a decision that doesn't look suspicious at all. 1
Especially shitty in 1969 when we decided to leave the planet behind. 1
we should just stop trying then. 1
Name six. 1
Mmmm I bet the Fed giving banks almost zero interest loans the last 6 years had nothing to do with it.... 1
Can't have weapons manufacturers' feelings getting damaged now can we? 1
I'm sure Clinton will do that 1
Who the hell give you the right to judge Republicans by their actions? 1
SEE the Reps were right VOTER FRAUD IS A DANGER TO BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY! 1
They'll have a burqa competition after four years of Hillary's immigration policies. 1
Now *that* is truly presidential behavior! 1
I pledge allegiance to The Donald and to the Trumpublic for which he stands. 1
Yeah how would motivating people to better their world be relevant to being President? 1
Well it's either vote republican or socialist hippy Marxists will destroy America 1
No potential for conflict of interest in this practice. 1
But Bush is doing a fantastic job clarifying his positions and ingratiating himself to younger voters! 1
"""Obamanet""" 1
Nope cause she's a bitch and deserves it! 1
well he is a Muslim After all 1
your understanding of international diplomatic protocol is amazing sir. 1
Because those two are the same.... 1
Thank god the clintons successfully carried out that hit 1
That's better than you 1
Nothing stops terrorist organizations from forming like leaving power vacuums! 1
"Maybe the smell wore off and they didn't have any ""real"" proof anymore." 1
Not while Mississippi exists! 1
All women belong to Hillary because she has a vagina and is in no way using it for sexist self gains. 1
I thought Trump and Bernie were agreed on so many issues! 1
BUT DEATH PANELS! 1
You forgot the 1
Shocking 1
Maybe NY Times was expecting them to invoke George Wallace? 1
Because their health is my problem and should require the government to interfere with my medical options. 1
Clogging a police line is such a **great** way to get people on your side. 1
He'll do it today he's already president 1
lol none of these stories gonna make it to the frontpage what a surprise 1
I know.. the least he could have done is named it after a movie that didn't suck. 1
But Crooked Hillary and her emails! 1
Putting all that Democratic money donated to the NCGOP to good use I see. 1
I thought I heard he didn't vote but he *would* have voted for Trump? 1
Ugh you just don't get politics 1
But did you count the yard signs? 1
Ah yea you're right... the other abrahamic religions make SO much more sense 1
Totally wasn't sarcasm. 1
Coming from diaper Dave Vitter that means something; he knows about evil. 1
That amounts to $4.25 to $10 per person.... Wow now that'll go far 1
But but I thought only dumb people like Obama used teleprompters... 1
"""His hands were up in a threatening way""" 1
That was a thoroughly thought out conclusion that provided much incite for your argument. 1
You mean freeloading welfare queens 1
Trump only listens to heroes. 1
Good thing Ron Schiller stood up and fought for himself instead of just quitting and hiding in a corner... 1
You forgot to add 1
Stranded in Hawaii.. sounds torturous... 1
But this also eliminate all people born by Caesarian section. 1
Because of the vast left wing conspiracy against you. 1
"""The kids wouldn't act this way if they had Jesus in school.""" 1
Creating an artificially low price is most definitely without any consequences. 1
Yeah... I guess we should just abandon social services altogether and let those markets magically solve all our societal problems. 1
Isnt it fun when it serves your SJW purpose? 1
Glad i come to the politics sub for great commentary like this 1
Because she's obviously a huge champion of all those things 1
I'm glad Newt and the Donald know it's important to have a strategy.... 1
Because emails are worse than billions of people dying. 1
Bernie might be able to solve this problem by taxing the 1%. 1
So many people care deeply what Cornel West thinks. 1
You sound like a rational informed voter 1
"Its just a ""parking ticket"" everyone chill out." 1
The Trump supporters were asking for it by exercising their right to free speech. 1
Oh that was just because of low information voters from the confederacy. 1
because anyone who would be against what rush said MUST be a dirty liberal... 1
And a white supremacist 1
I really do hope they win their ransom. 1
Depends on wheteher we're voting on Reddit. 1
My bet is the Green Party! 1
You forgot the 1
Then you probably shouldn't get news from any source at all since we all know facts have a distinct liberal bias. 1
Stop being sexist and fall in line! 1
Who would have known that liberal gun grabbers are dishonest! 1
both parties are totes the same Anarchy TM 2016! 1
Love the conspiracy theory approach of this website. 1
But we can't vote for Sanders because HE'S TOO AUTHORITARIAN 1
They just want cigars. 1
You're a liberal CUCK 1
What politician would do that! 1
Yeah but Obama saving thousands of decent American jobs bailing out the auto industry for a tenth of that at most is the same 1
"Apparently building the highway system was just ""giving away free shit""" 1
No no no he's an outsider so it's okay 1
yes lets make the problem even worse 1
Needs moar Reagan! 1
You forgot the 1
Doesn't being rich make them flawless in economy knowledge? 1
I'm sure this will work great... There's no way an intergovernmental tax body would ever be lobbied by the multinational corporate and banking interests into adopting abusive tax practices... 1
LEAVE ABUELA ALONE! 1
Found a Trump voter 1
Actually passing offense has surpassed rushing offense in past few years and the advantage will even become larger when times go by. 1
But all they care about is freedom! 1
Maybe there was no hack? 1
Surely that's what the founding fathers would have intended. 1
Of course because sanders is the only real candidate and no one had better say anything bad about him 1
But they could use it for a funding source 1
"Just a tiny handful of loud ""Bernie Bros"" on the internet." 1
He wants to make America great again. 1
I think she is secretly hoping to lose her bid for the White House. 1
You're correct(ed)TM? 1
"Define ""did""" 1
But why actually justify that when you can just downvote it? 1
I ahve seen them in the same room together because all muslims are pirates! 1
Grammar fascist. 1
Nuh uh cuz she says it's not! 1
It's almost like they have another reason for volunteering to kill people... but it certainly couldn't be all the lines in the Quran and Hadith that call them to kill infidels... that would be a biggotted opinion 1
This is yet more proof that the media is run by liberals. 1
History is just another liberal lie. 1
Did they say so? 1
This is spoken like someone who has never been a part of the Democratic Party and has no idea how it works. 1
But bootstraps! 1
**definitely** sent by trump supporters! 1
Macedonia seems like where I'd first look for a credible report on this. 1
Sounds like giving taxpayer-funded presents to undeserving drags on society... 1
yea because they don't make flashlight attachments and night vision scopes for my AR15 1
That's how you become President of *all* Americans. 1
Nice to see they serve the people... 1
NewsMax....a bastion of objective journalism! 1
incitement of violence is SO FUNNY HAHHAHAHAHAHA 1
And lying about it 1
Big golden parachute there. 1
TIL: Heterosexuals cannot get AIDS 1
You tell those women! 1
Government is bad mkay? 1
dammit. 1
Stop spreading these insane conspiracy theories! 1
I'm sure that money dwarfs the lobbying they defense contractors can put up 1
shocker 1
Because I care what foreigners think about our politics. 1
The Donald hires all the best people. 1
oh good I was worried for a sec 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
That'll teach 'em a lession! 1
Why should he even bother the situation in Furguson has nothing to do with his job. 1
at least we know they are making good use of their time 1
Who knew that not being scum would get you popular? 1
How could she accuse of child rape so close to the election? 1
But it proves Republicans are racists! 1
Well I guess I should have voted McCain 1
Executive order. 1
Just cause it always works out so good. 1
But it's all the Democrat mayors fault! 1
I'm sure he thought thus up all by himself and acted alone. 1
This is so insulting 1
TAKE IT BACK THAT'S WHY TRUMP WONNNNN 1
Which President signed the Act to directly control gas prices? 1
I'm sure the career politician knows more about the law than the career lawyer. 1
And alllllll of those people went on to become president! 1
Give this man a Nobel Peace prize! 1
But that gun law was OK because it was to keep uppity n*ggers from getting guns 1
I am sure Hilary does a ton of her own research. 1
Gay is a choice so its not gods fault. 1
"Sounds like a ""fiscal conservative"" to me!" 1
Well sure... less stupid people are voting. 1
Well if she doesn't dress like a slut she wouldn't have been raped 1
she is probably 1/16th cherokee 1
Are those Red Hot Chilli Pepper lyrics? 1
You forgot the 1
You and your facts! 1
Well if liberals didn't call out everything racist than we wouldn't be here 1
What a true hero she is 1
Totally explains why 3-4 duplicate threads per article are allowed on the sub 1
You're just being sexist and racist for claiming there are low information voters. 1
They're obviously all planted shills 1
Everyone is the enemy! 1
"Reporting on the obvious fact that most conservatives consider you a parasite and a leech and would like nothing more than to kill you...and when conservatives do kill....well thats not in the interest of ""civil discussion"" so shut up and take your death parasite" 1
Hmm...I wonder why? 1
What is the AFL? 1
Just give him a chance. 1
Yeah if you don't give the leftists and advantage then you should just be ashamed of yourself 1
You make a compelling point. 1
Well Wikileaks....we're waiting! 1
Thank you people who voted for him and people who stayed at home. 1
Yeah cause warfare will make the US better. 1
**Breaking News**: Fork and Spoon manufacturers expected to be held responsible for people getting fat! 1
lol yeah not like people have been sent away for a lot less 1
Maybe he saw a picture of the cameraman being rescued. 1
we shouldn't have to worry about eating or shelter the government will take care of us all! 1
Yeah quotes have such a media bias. 1
yeah fuck property rights and all just take what belongs to people. 1
This'll really help her out in Columbus and Miami next week. 1
I hate aerosmith 1
Bigotry + Power 1
Taxes and the IRS are rigged 1
Downvoted because you made me feel bad about my redditing behavior. 1
But he ran that one time in '88 as a democrat so there! 1
economic anxiety means you need to act out like a neo-nazi 1
You forgot the 1
Sound like a socialist 1
Obviously you start with ignoring anything that doesn't fit your narrow worldview. 1
Only retards would even imagine that. 1
You forgot the 1
Yup cuz I've never heard the term Shillary used by bernie crowd. 1
oh god i'm about to tear up 1
That makes him smart. 1
But... but... he just *knows* that Clinton is guilty. 1
Guess you shouldn't have gotten pregnant then. 1
Yes the CIA and FBI pushed the video to help the democrats. 1
Using words like 'milieux' is why Hillary lost. 1
Equally well read 1
A win for Bernie Sanders is a win for misogyny! 1
Yea putting nukes in Japan and other countries to start a nuclear arms race is basically what Sanders wants to do. 1
Buahaha yeah because protectionism has empirically proven itself as such an incredibly positive economic tool... 1
"It's a good thing that big healthcare ""reform"" passed and lowered the cost of healthcare for everyone." 1
What you say makes absolute perfect sense and is the only rational way forward but Ron Paul said much the same thing so I'm going to have to disagree with you. 1
Probably anti-semitism 1
But Muslims are more dangerous they are making clocks into bombs! 1
How else do you expect them to stop the SJWs from censoring speech? 1
No need in even bothering to go out and vote now ... 1
Our lack of evidence that he did something bad is just more evidence that he did something bad. 1
Mike Pence is a bundle of joy. 1
They have to distract from the fact that clinton has no media fire cover from ignoring sanders reasonable debate times. 1
Ya go Trump! 1
But I feel like this is something he would say so it must be true. 1
Surely there will be no glitches here. 1
A good thing he's about transparency! 1
Yeah short term (often merely overnight) lending really leads to hyperinflation 1
Bystander effects... 1
So many tattoo artists will lose their jobs when trump is elected 1
ugh why are black people able to have their own opinions and not be indoctrinated by the democratic platform? 1
"That can't be right--he assured us that ""the Evangelicals love (him)""." 1
she didn't intend to kill the orphan so its okay. 1
*Well then*... Ted Cruz is sure to be a shoe in now. 1
But muh rational self interests... 1
You left off the 1
Millions of illegal voters. 1
Trump said so! 1
Compelling imagery is so much more important than actual substance 1
Now I can start my company that pumps toxic waste right into the ground water and there will be no EPA to stop me....evil laugh 1
Her bill disarms citizens and transfers guns to illegals 1
he's obviously a sexist 1
And then after 10 years another 10 years just to be safe.. 1
But how else will we lock up the blacks? 1
We should elect Romney because of his foreign policy experience! 1
Yeah because public Hillary is the real Hillary. 1
Maybe he's just really into silicon-based LED substrate technology and wants to support semiconductor research in the middle east! 1
There goes my weekends 1
If they're not praising Sanders they're obviously just shills for the Hillary campaign 1
But lets just keep cutting education funding 1
It worked with Voldemort 1
"""stop being moochers""" 1
Those darn violent video games are at it again. 1
But guys the pivot is coming. 1
I'm sure the Republicans will TOTALLY respect that distinction. 1
but he sacrificed so much by hiring people for jobs. 1
But they are the party of Lincoln so they can't be racist. 1
but Bill isn't running for President! 1
Bank of America to charge $5 per month fee to non-customers for prospective account placeholder maintenance. 1
yea but we won't need trade when we're great again. 1
I wonder.... 1
He also said he would get Osama..shocking I know 1
ITT: I really don't see how a bunch of hopeless people worrying about dying is going to affect me 1
I thought Obama's veto was proof he loved the Saudis and hates America. 1
"""Shariah law in your food!""" 1
Term limits are working great for me out in California! 1
Never a lone wolf when you are with Jesus. 1
mlk jr died for our racist sins so we are now all absolved and stop complaining 1
But her red powersuit makes me so angry! 1
Exactly. 1
well this time is for real 1
Maybe the USA will become just like Brazil is now with their president 1
Good thing those men who won us the right to collective bargaining never used violence. 1
How dare Trump bring up an amendment we have in our constitution which was added for the specific reason of defending against tyranny! 1
Voat 1
Trump only grabbed her by the boob! 1
Good argument. 1
he loves everyone like the good Christian he really is.... 1
It wasn't their book it was their dads..... You're definitely on the right side if you're throwing out the opposing sides books that isn't even your property 1
Yeah I didn't listen at all when I was in college or when I spent those years writing corporate accounting software. 1
Silence his critics; I'd go for that just like I'd like to strengthen the blasphemy laws. 1
Ahh.. I guess I can thank the media for my knowledge about how he charged in with cheap fully automatic m16s which he bought at the local convenient store and his bullet-proof armor. 1
But that evil woman doesn't feel the Bern (literally or figuratively) so let's vilify her. 1
I truly can't believe you would suggest such a thing! 1
*Yeah Obama really had a reputation of compromise and deal making* 1
BUT HE WANTS NO REGULATION......................................................... 1
Seizing dividends is a great idea to stabilize the market. 1
I'm just glad Obama got us out of there ASAP. 1
Clearly we need to start paying for all of that too! 1
Trump is literally Hitler 1
Attempting to let fear rule peoples decisions sure sounds democratic. 1
Just use the ones you inherited from your Dad! 1
Yup he is no different than stalin and will take everything you own bypassing our check and balance system and never risk getting impeached 1
The politicians magically create it when they raise minimum wage... 1
Thats why we play COD type games. 1
Doing so would make you a communist... or something. 1
you forgot this 1
NO IT COULD HAVE BEEN FALSE #nevershillart 1
They should stop expecting handouts and get a job 1
You forgot the 1
And here I thought food stamps were the cause for our national debt. 1
loving this much more functional congress being lead by the GOP.. 1
Fact: the MSM only polls cucks so this poll is biased. 1
Yeah - let's not provide 20M people with insurance - much better plan. 1
"Because you're a ""lazy"" taker?" 1
Isn't it great that we live in a country where we can pour over our candidates foundations and tax returns and decide if they have been honest in their dealings? 1
If you claim that you have real issues with voting for Clinton you're a petulant child who wants to burn everything to the ground because you didn't get what you want. 1
Twitter is where I go for all of my informed political analysis. 1
Report: Bernie Sanders will also take away everyone's healthcare! 1
#FAVORS SANDERS 1
You mean laundered their wall street bribes through the criminal Clinton Foundation slush fund? 1
because the fellow citizens are the ones that dumped toxic waste into the Southern Indiana creeks... why should we trust them? 1
Because it was 100% their fault 1
Because in the past you couldn't just call your insurance provider and ask them why your premium has increased 1
Brought to you by: *the most transparent administration* 1
dude you can't be racist to white people EVERYONE knows that 1
What a crook 1
Unheard of! 1
having sex 1
I think you left out African Americans. 1
What's a middle class? 1
But Bernie only wins open primaries and caucuses 1
Give everyone guns. 1
This is because it would hurt the skullfucking panda business and result in a loss of jobs. 1
Thank you president Reagan! 1
...those word thingies? 1
Minnesota? 1
you put the lie in the coconut 1
Build a wall. 1
Cause everyone knows American made cars are so safe. 1
That's a really funny joke 1
Right because basic income is the same as communism. 1
No it's too socialist. 1
Guess I'm gonna fuck'um... then drown them in a bathtub. 1
Maybe that's Trump's plan all along! 1
Because there's obviously only one narcissist in this presidential race. 1
*economic anxiety* 1
Experts are part of the Washington elite that needs to be drained to MAGA 1
Right because AIPAC are those evil jews right? 1
It's almost like they did opposition research and saved some of it so they wouldn't run out of fuel for their campaign... CROOKED Hillary and her fucking corrupt tendency to actually plan things out! 1
Because of the blinding crowd? 1
You don't understand the difference between white lies and black lies 1
Worked in Iraq. 1
The moral of the story is don't be muslim and don't be brown. 1
You're obviously not feeling the knife mate. 1
Yeah because *foster care* will be a better environment for these kids to grow up in than one in which their parents let them walk home from a park alone. 1
"You guys better watch ""Red Dawn"" to prepare for battle..." 1
Stock Market at record highs Crime at record lows Employment getting so good interest rates need to be increased yeah horrible 1
They weren't lies they were sarcasm. 1
He did lead them to a mandate from nearly 20% of American voters 1
Only for the people who don't matter. 1
Oh thank God...that shit was keeping me up at nights. 1
Don't worry Congress will totally support single payer this time around because Sanders is the best Senator ever! 1
Ya that makes 3 mil nothing 1
The way god intended! 1
If the entrepreneurs are so smart then they would have chose to be born rich like Trump! 1
Would you rather they talk about their looks 1
You may have dropped your 1
Yes they are subhuman. 1
Don't you guys know sarcasm? 1
You're good at debating 1
LOL yeah I'm sure they'll be successful! 1
Oh but I'm sure he was too busy having all that gay sex to serve his country. 1
Dude my federal minimum wage plan is $73 dollars you should vote for me if you are a true progressive. 1
Yeah...look at Costco and the Container Store...they are in dire straits. 1
Sounds like somebody needs to be tried for treason... 1
Yeah... a Republican administration would have done *so* much better. 1
But both sides are the same amirite 1
You forgot the 1
I know Obama was been great for race relations and not dividing people 1
What the fuck is habeas corpus? 1
Good idea; two parties on the outside fringes of the current ones will surely represent most Americans' interests. 1
What do you have against cross dressers? 1
Your liberal bias is visible 1
Because he really is that great socialist dictator? 1
you dropped this 1
People were shorter 2000 years ago. 1
No no no the only reason anyone can dislike her is she is a woman 1
They're all from Malaysia! 1
Yeah but they only voted for a racist because liberals kept aknowleging he was a racist 1
Maybe if they treat it like Benghazi they'll get somewhere! 1
That makes it *alright* then 1
That sounds racist. 1
Thats insulting 1
Forgot that some people can't detect sarcasm without the 1
Big League* FTFY 1
You mean you're telling me people don't openly support liars? 1
it can't be *discrimination* if it's against white males! 1
Don't you understand that business can keep growing at the same growth rate (compounding) for ever. 1
Cause that will prevent the clintons 1
Good thing he runs such a tight ship. 1
Note to self: Republicans are the morons here 1
Obama should have known about these attacks beforehand and not gone to Cuba in the first place... 1
"""bucket of losers"" ftfy" 1
A fence is not a wall. 1
Who could have seen this coming? 1
That dirty papist JFK was totally scheming with the Vatican to take over America though! 1
And where was the outrage when Jim Webb didn't even get enough questions at the first debate? 1
""" Healthcare is not a right..."" Oh yea he's doing wonders for his public image." 1
Helps her buy child slaves from war zones 1
That will all change when libertarians replace the current broken justice system with a fully private dispute resolution mechanism. 1
These measures are so in the public interest that we must do them in secret. 1
Definitions of words are now part of the Grand conspiracy against my bernie! 1
Unless it is a vote for Trump and then it sooooo important. 1
Men are vicious and dangerous creatures who should not be tolerated. 1
she's a woman so she has to be supervised. 1
Yea better to throw people in jail for possessing a small amount of bud. 1
Yeah Im sure Correct the record had no effect in this sub's voting behaviors whatsoever 1
But he did so well singing America the Beautiful with Mitt! 1
I think you have forgot the 1
Walmart will determine what your water should taste like...problem? 1
It was sarcasm... Chris Christie said people of his state didn't want him to be president because they wanted him to stay in Jersey... thanks joke killer 1
You dropped your 1
Those natives sure need to learn not to trespass in land that isn't theirs. 1
Secret service agent found dead from apparent suicide 1
Someone genuine like Hillary or Jeb. 1
You just don't like her because you're sexist. 1
b.. but... he said 'women' in his comment. 1
Surely that will eliminate FPTP and change everything! 1
I think you forgot the 1
But Hillary wasn't inspiring! 1
OMG Deaborn Muslims are Islamophobe Zionist entities! 1
I'm sure it's CTR 1
he doesn't have a vagina of his own so that doesn't matter 1
Helps Us Bernie Wan Sandori! 1
Clearly we don't have enough people in prison. 1
Because Assange has absolutely nothing to gain from this. 1
I was always taught that being Mississippi was illegal. 1
I love my lower health care costs... 1
I'm sure that's the best way to get your point across 1
"No no no see it's just ""economic anxiety"" These ""forgotten people"" deserve our sympathy." 1
They seem very mature 1
"""That makes him smart""" 1
The Cops can shoot so accurately the put the bullets through the one hole - thankfully ): 1
yeah it's so annoying when people voice their opinions 1
Make more more and quit complaining you socialist 1
At least it isnt wasting money on trying to get kids to eat healthier 1
Heh ... who would've guessed something like this would happen? 1
Oh no it's the media's fault 1
That must be why they are supporting him so adamantly 1
Obviously the several other hundred were pro-Trump protestors. 1
Its not racism if your a liberal 1
I'm sure the Democrats are lined up to voluntarily hand over their incomes to these families in need. 1
Mind - **Blown** 1
Someone didn't hear the silent 1
One can only hope. 1
You forgot 1
Clearly Medicare isn't competing for top talent. 1
But she's a woman! 1
don't be so paranoid 1
Good thing there are all these voter ID laws to disenfranchise democrats to stop voter fraud. 1
Yeah let's not invest in the booming computer industry 1
Because evangelicals are totally not hypocrites on every other issue... 1
How dare Bernie for not bending a knee to the all-mighty dollar! 1
We really forced their hand by nominating a woman... 1
She taking them away and giving them to ISIS 1
The one that stays in its 'Free Speech Zone' three counties away from the politician they're protesting? 1
You would expect a guy who tells Russia to hack into someone else's email to really care about the legality of those leaks 1
If everything is made by slaves in Cambodia we'll all be living in a utopia filled with free Iphones. 1
She was only trying to demonstrate the breadth of said inequality! 1
See it turns out things can be privately funded and the government doesn't have to have its' fingers in everything! 1
It's just *easier* that way. 1
You could just vote for Trump and hope for the best 1
But the sequester is destroying our military readiness. 1
"So... are you implying that less individuals buying things is ***""bad""*** for the economy?" 1
yeah healthcare is so overrated. 1
But ICE endorsed him. 1
I find Chiraq vodka to be over-rated 1
Since polls are so accurate nowadays 1
Must mean they are for it. 1
Whats C stand for? 1
I'm concerned for Alex Baldwin. 1
What's the worst that could happen. 1
Better relations with Russia scares me! 1
SJWs killed my family and took my job! 1
Video games are somehow involved. 1
Better safe than sorry! 1
The e-mails that say that Bernie is a bad guy! 1
But I thought only hippie liberals bought into this shit. 1
Or like dodging sniper fire in Bosnia! 1
I'm sure Hillary would be more than willing to look into it and address the matter in an open and transparent fashion 1
i have binders full of female corporations! 1
Yippee sooooooooooo excited. 1
Trump literally won because you typed that comment just now 1
Yeah but we can use nuclear powered rockets to fly out of the atmosphere and towards the sun and by the time it's there it will be all waste products and we can get rid of nuclear waste. 1
That group doesn't really matter though. 1
But won't someone think of the Children? 1
Just shows who's the more anti-establishment candidate and that's what is most important this election 1
Nobody on reddit has ever seen porn 1
Just like the body will shut down a pregnancy in the event of a legitimate rape. 1
B-but we're bringing those ungrateful savages freedom...? 1
but it would broaden their appeal to native americans! 1
Yeah civil disobedience is bullshit. 1
"The big Romney/Ryan logo at the bottom of the rant certainly says ""Fair and Balanced"" to me!" 1
Someone sounds priveleged. 1
That socialist bastard 1
Not trader joes 1
The world is turning out awesome with the brilliance of our foreign policy advisors 1
But he's so dreamy.... 1
Because nothing says *thou shalt not kill* like something heavy and nickel plated. 1
Insults like that elected Trump! 1
Is there a point that you are trying to make here? 1
But Trump isn't a fascist! 1
"because ""people make innocent mistakes"" how magnanimous and totally in character." 1
Hid them in his vault so now Romney has to do whatever Trump tells him or he'll release them himself. 1
Yeah but he's not a woman so it doesn't matter 1
Have you considered applying to be a paid Hillary shill? 1
But everything was rigged 1
I'm sure they have my best interest in mind. 1
Wrong 1
things are going to be so different depending on who gets elected 1
That's what I do. 1
You forgot the 1
Hey let's not go that far 1
right and government institutions are so much better 1
OH I ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND SARCASM QUITE WELL 1
Good thing Trump was such a transparent candidate and released personal documents like his taxes for the American people to judge 1
I'm sure if it was reversed they would want to get rid of the EC 1
Just put it all in a horizontally- and vertically-centered 800x600 box! 1
Says the man with screenname against Native Americans. 1
Thank you for contributing your opinion. 1
Thank goodness the govt isn't collecting data that could be used to blackmail anyone. 1
Slimy scam artists 1
"""We just need to elect the right people""" 1
By firing others? 1
she's been handling these kinds of attacks her whole political life and that makes her the most qualified candidate ever 1
I bet Hillary totally hasn't done that. 1
That just shows that the left are full of bad-ass men of action. 1
NOO you've got it all wrong....Obama cares about our civil liberties 1
Tbf wikileaks is a no name organization 1
Noooooo you don't say... 1
yeah im sure thats the wall st way of thinking about things 1
Us Vets really love the VA. 1
Except when he's being sarcastic of course! 1
But Mother Jones said it too! 1
Because Democrats are notorious for not pandering to the poor/uneducated 1
Because when I read this thread I see so many Americans excited that this is happening to our disenfranchised. 1
He was just fighting tyranny. 1
I only get paid in bitcoins. 1
Best argument I've heard this while election cycle. 1
See he is proving that they are living in hell! 1
You forgot 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
"Obviously ""employing illegal immigrants to build his signature building or buying cheap steel from China"" was Clinton's fault!" 1
So what you're suggesting is we have a season to kill Muslims? 1
Can't we just ask Russia to get it for us? 1
Oh but Hillary didn't *inspire* me 1
You dropped this: 1
But the NSA is like a magnet and they can efficiently draw out the needle no prob. 1
threatening to use federal troops to collect taxes is a real bad ass move and totally not an over usage of his power as president. 1
Another hilarious Trump joke 1
"Reddit IS an international site - it's all about what goes on in ""The International Community"" (tm)" 1
You're missing that we'd have to subsidize leave for evil black mooching McDonald's employees who pop out babies like a PEZ dispenser 1
Having an iota of welfare means socialist in USA. 1
Sounds very inspiring 1
As God intended. 1
Nah man we just need more voter Id laws. 1
LOCK HIM UP 1
I know... didn't sound bigoted at all. 1
The decade when America was Great Again. 1
I don't see the big deal; lots of people who were born before this election cycle are voting. 1
That perfectly describes what happened here. 1
Yeah Trump really needs the cash from me 1
You forgot this: 1
thanks Obama 1
how will Clinton come back from this? 1
No that makes him smart! 1
Oh that is just what the USA needs now 1
It's called The Art of The Deal. 1
I wonder why? 1
Man made climate change rumors are lies straight from the pit of hell. 1
I wonder why this guy doesn't have a real job anymore 1
This wouldn't be the case if everyone was armed! 1
But how will our Congressmen support themselves after they've served their country with such dignity and honor? 1
Brilliant narrative counter to hard facts. 1
What about a car enthusiast who buys a Fiesta and an Aston Martin? 1
It is a crime not to birth proud American babies! 1
But Marijuana in any legal form is even worse! 1
Why can't we just nuke them? 1
I heard *Boston* was just a cgi composite in a green screen! 1
OH SHIT I guess it's a false flag now 1
"oh but he did it all ""secretly""" 1
But you can carry a gun in the US of A so it all balances out in the end. 1
if I want to give your tax dollars to my rich buddy to send his personal security forces overseas to practice COD3 game but live action who are you to say I can't isn't this a free damn country? 1
Fucking anchor babies. 1
Like Genna and Tonic did in the Bush years. 1
It's always the more mature and respectable practice to punish the unsuspecting children. 1
Well someone had to take care of the refreshments. 1
You forgot the 1
The DoD and CIA is full of hippies 1
Planned Parenthood broke the law! 1
Trump would tell them to work faster and better and they would just like the VA he plans to fix with a line to the white house that would receive millions of calls 1
get out of here with your logical thinking 1
Socialism! 1
400 members - that's like 20% of the population of New Hampshire. 1
A well thought out counterpoint to the article jfrat71. 1
You just don't understand trumps sarcasm like they do 1
the free market will police itself and protect us from harm 1
You can always trust rabidly right wing outlets to accurately paraphrase President Obama's speeches. 1
but you are definitely worth listening to 1
Your right Lisa is just so trustworthy. 1
Well what do you expect from a Republican who was deputy Attorney General under Bush? 1
What won't Obama do to distract us from Benghazi? 1
Nah man.. the voting machines were hacked. 1
Just look at a map of all the major corporations in the world 1
Might as well ruin the integrity of the CIA as well 1
Yeah way way worse than Vietnam 1
Pff there's no profit in that 1
Huzzah for operating under endless continuing resolutions as if that's a good thing. 1
They should be grateful that we drove them from their lands and locked them into generations of poverty. 1
The machines they use to calculate weather patterns are SOROS machines! 1
i'm disappointed she won't get the veterinarian vote 1
This is why I get my news from the Bible and not TV/Magazines 1
Yup she's got a great record of being an honest transparent candidate 1
I'm sure the Clinton foundation would be unable to help good point keyboard warrior. 1
No conflict of interest here. 1
Where else would you? 1
If NBC runs out of shows they could always put Jay Leno back in primetime every night! 1
Well obviously facts and knowledge is for losers! 1
Because Tim Kaine is so representative of the strong progressives that Clinton would appoint to the Supreme Court 1
It's because you only see the losers who get sick. 1
Oh those Republicans are working so hard for the people of the U.S.A. 1
That wasn't at all predictable. 1
In our politicians defense they are yellow.... 1
No one's trying to silence dissent around here. 1
But he isn't xenophobic 1
But she took money from Saudi Arabia! 1
Wonder if it has anything to do with what Trump said about POWs? 1
Shill! 1
I'm sure justice will be serverd 1
Didn't they discover gunpowder or something? 1
I'm sure the DOJ will go after them for extortion right after they finish with the bankers. 1
The point he was trying to make is that criminals are the ones breaking the laws.. They don't care that it applies to them too. 1
He rigged it even harder! 1
Because that's the only reason your experiences could possibly be different. 1
But Hillary makes me feel icky! 1
You forgot 1
I'm so fucking proud. 1
How close minded to force the gay guy to be the secretary 1
"Boy that protest vote/nonvote is really paying off for us ""true progressives""." 1
I believe the phrase your looking for is 1
Surprised I didn't see an 1
No man it's just that Harvard is yet another a bought out Clinton shill factory. 1
maybe? 1
Impeach Obama for the NSA spying scandal and replace him with a Republican that also supports the NSA spying on us! 1
Well jesus was a big supporter of torture so it's probably no one in the conservative party 1
Slander I tell you! 1
He's obviously part of Crystalize the Record 1
I just can't fathom why they don't want to support the Democratic Party 1
Too bad Obama can't do anything about the Patriot Act and the TSA! 1
I didn't realize the economy was collapsing like it did in 2008 1
Oh he obviously loves women as objects he has had so many. 1
Says Who? 1
Note to self: join the TSA to touch IWantToTouchYourButt's Butt. 1
No Puppet... No Puppet... You're the Puppet. 1
Not sure if 1
Rich people are hit by hurricanes too you know 1
Spanking would not work in Florida because they have Stand Your Ground law and anyone can carry a gun. 1
BUT HE CANT CONFIRM IT! 1
But they were white 1
Everyone knows low-information voters only count for 3/5th. 1
Right because Mittens was such a better choice. 1
India is third world but not *that* third world 1
He hires the best people 1
That's called business 1
She should just let Jesus take the wheel and see how this plays out. 1
Yes all those Jeb Bush shills must be furiously working to bury this. 1
But think about how much safer the country is (especially for your children) now that these evil cannabis cannibals are off the streets! 1
I thought the GOP didn't agree with abortion 1
Now now now don't you dare put up a commie idea in a capitalist society 1
From your mouth to god's ear. 1
That would totally get me hot. 1
Because private for profit health care with insurance company death panels has worked so well for us 1
But because polls were inaccurate once they must be (1) TOTALLY WORTHLESS and (2) that must apply EVERY TIME. 1
and you think they might know a bit about security 1
Why don't we just abort everyone that isn't a 10/10 on the genetic lottery scale? 1
Bring back the stamp tax! 1
I thought prntly was America's paper of record! 1
Presumably because trust-busting worked out so poorly. 1
Actually I believe he is the cloth container in which douches are kept. 1
But they were all violent thugs who deserved to be shot! 1
This explanation wont be the least bit self-serving 1
Yeah they would be so peaceful without Israel 1
Why aren't CNN and Fox covering this amazing development! 1
Because all the men were busy scooping the driveway? 1
But she agreed with everything Sanders said! 1
They need to get big government regulations out of their 'personal bussiness'. 1
This time she's going to fake her death to get out of it! 1
Let's just start making pin little yellow crescents to their shirts. 1
just because he breaks precedent and won't release them does not mean he is not a crook... 1
Keeping most of the Republican base in the polls and everyone ununendorsing him sure shows how willing they are to oppose him. 1
Won't someone please think of the racists? 1
By realizing how any form of socialism has never worked in history or in the present and that it's a naive political ideology that's doomed to ruin society. 1
Only way they are getting in here is if they cross the border illegally. 1
God damn Republicans....passing these laws and subsidies without even listening to the caring and loving Democrats who believe in what is right and just! 1
but if Americans know when the Government is going to kill them......the Terrorists will have won 1
Today in the news unbiased journalism reaches an all time low 1
but revolutions based on racism and xenophobia must succeed #Trump2016 1
I'm sure Anonymous has the right idea. 1
I guess I should have used 1
And maybe the lizard people's telepathy causes seizures! 1
08 wins cause they're younger. 1
That'll chance his policy for sure! 1
Merry Christmas 1
Santorum - you got some on 'ya! 1
She's got PTSD because Fox kinda diminished her and she needs attention 1
Don't forget about that time he plotted to assassinate Ronald Reagan 1
I think you forgot your 1
Yes if anything can save the Democratic Party it's a calculating woman. 1
How charming. 1
Because The Clinton Foundation has nothing to hide. 1
Not endorsing Bernie is basically endorsing Clinton. 1
Yea all white people are racist. 1
You miss-spelled 'indoctrination center'. 1
I hate Mexicans ever since the Alamo. 1
That's because it's a nothing burger. 1
"Plus he is a ""foreigner"" taking a job from a hard working American." 1
If they can change their name to Topeka they could change it to Jesus too. 1
Its so much better for both sides to agree to abolish the rule of law for themselves. 1
But we won't KNOW till we try! 1
I'm glad to see the USA sticking to it's roots. 1
Rabble rabble any regulation means Hitler! 1
Was there anything about Pizza in that? 1
The opposite example would have been the Native Americans having complacent immigration laws. 1
aol instant messenger? 1
Too lazy to vote. 1
In fairness some Republicans don't think he is black enough to be considered black so are they really racist? 1
But his team won... 1
oh so you mean to tell me that they don't apply the same standards to others as they apply to themselves? 1
Probably a white house intern at some point in the 90's. 1
This DNC scandal is the worst one so far for Trump's campaign! 1
Think of all the wars that'd pay for! 1
And we can all be surprised that she flip flops on it. 1
BUT HE ONLY GETS THE PLURALITY 1
He is definitely going to win now! 1
He's going to do it faster! 1
It was a youthful indiscretion. 1
Freedom isnt free. 1
How many rapes are they allowed? 1
Straight religious people refusing to marry other straight people because of gay people; totally the gay people's fault. 1
False equivalence fallacy! 1
Did you know that hitler was actually a socialist (National Socialist = Nazi) that must bean bernie is literally hitler 1
That's thing thing to say if you're from Hawaii... what's the Kenyan way? 1
She's so good at the corruption that it's blatant even though you can't see it 1
You Jerk. 1
If only huma would've blown something.... 1
The daughters are obviously genetically engineered abominations made from combining the DNA of 2 males 1
I think you mean whores 1
In Kenya 1
It'd be a shame if this somehow reached r/all... 1
There were never problems with the VA until Obama broke it. 1
"And I'm sure if one of the students had said ""Jesus tongues my anus"" she would've written that on the board too." 1
I'm sure they'll get right on repealing it once OPEC scale back production and prices go right back up. 1
Surprise surprise 1
Democratic People's Republic of America 1
forgot the 1
Ah so it all ties back to the religious right 1
More taxes is the clear solution. 1
FOUND THE RACIST FACTS ARE RACIST YO ITS 2016 1
And we're totally shocked. 1
Yay for Nazis in 2017 1
But they never got into Clinton's personal unsecured server 1
BUT THE GOP TOLD ME IT WOULD MAKE ME PAY A DEATH TAX ON THE FAMILY FARM 1
aka communism 1
He's gonna make Mexico pay for it. 1
Fewer than* Your points invalid cuz grammar !Hillary16! 1
Once debt slavery is introduced again there is a new opportunity to use these mercenaries to invade emerging markets for fun and more profit. 1
Probably the least biased survey questions ever written. 1
I don't understand...why aren't you people pulling yourself up by your bootstraps? 1
I'm sorry nope - Hillary Clinton hasn't been a complete paragon of liberal purity and hasn't always supported everything Bernie told me that I should support since the beginning of time so I won't fall for this blatant pandering 1
What CP is just thinking for yourself! 1
You won't need healthcare now that we can harvest the magical healing power of liberal tears. 1
And they almost got their death panels too! 1
It's called balance... 1
Wow this is the first Bush to ever lie to the public. 1
Yeah that's a huge problem. 1
It's all them gosh darn riggers 1
All those black men will have to find another way to get out of being a father besides prison. 1
That Jade Helm thing was pretty back for Texas. 1
Oh she will really burnish the TeaRepublican image. 1
"Why won't the GOP say ""Radical Christian Terrorism?""" 1
And private prisons have worked so well... 1
You mean like how they call in the militarized SWAT team now only for the case that really need it? 1
Maybe that's because they don't have teleprompters 1
GET THIS TO THE TOP BOYS 1
Pot dealers crashed the world economy. 1
No no only Trump supporters are the ones that send death threats 1
They can fund this free debate with taxes over my dead body! 1
We had to break the Constitution to save it! 1
Both parties are the same 1
Well she certainly avoided any sort of controversy by showing up. 1
I have it on good authority he already did it but didn't tell anyone. 1
But their Prop 8 campaign donations were totally cool... 1
Yup the 94 crime bill and the welfare reform she helped push sure was a net positive. 1
...well that explains Trump then...although you think they'd be able to create a more realistic wig! 1
Dismantled her like an Ikea entertainment center! 1
"Using ""bastard"" GoT style is something I always thought was pretty cool and would like to casually say some day" 1
How dare you imply that his quest to put food on the table by hunting and defending his home against the oncoming horde waiting outside is some sort of fetish. 1
Politifact is an excellent example of journalism. 1
"""But it was given to me!""" 1
But ... he gave us Area 51. 1
Oh sorry those are trumps supporters 1
But he's really a social liberal! 1
Or it's a *conspiracy* to silence the brave conservative truth-tellers! 1
Maybe they should have picked a spouse that could safely cross the street or not get cancer. 1
r/politics posted 16 negative links about hillary in 16 minutes. 1
You forgot the 1
Because the former co-chair of Hillary's 2008 campaign never talked or coordinated her actions with the 2016 Clinton campaign? 1
You radical 1
And I suppose she was a good Muslim to marry a Jewish man? 1
Is this part of the 'rigging' he's been going on about? 1
The gulag for every last one of them comrade! 1
But only Tea Party people and Baby Boomers think like that. 1
I hear the work he's done with the VA is superb.... 1
Dammit I forgot ppl don't understand sarcasm with out 1
Because he is the future. 1
I'm glad Breitbart was on top of this. 1
I believe it 1
You forgot your 1
Yet another fine production by Prager University. 1
Why do the right thing when the alternative is raising questions? 1
you are so witty! 1
Who gave Michael Scheuer the antidote? 1
Like him not being a US citizen? 1
Unfortunately thats probably not that far off from the truth... But would that mean Fox news will be liberalised? 1
Naw she was clearly prejudiced against racists 1
Nate has been so accurate this year 1
Well it's okay because he is anti-establishment! 1
Oh well that's a bargain 1
A completely unbiased source! 1
Just imagine the support he could have had if he had showed up orange in a sombrero! 1
obviously the government stealing 2.3% of their profits is what is preventing them from creating more jobs. 1
Yeah cancer patients and people suffering from a lot of pain should just get addicted to opioids like everyone else... 1
Buying politicians cheaply is a form of free speech! 1
I was just joking around.. lol shoulda put a 1
But she was so against it didn't you know 1
But peoples feelings! 1
Yay someone learned the word cuck this political season! 1
They must not be working hard enough 1
They sure did a good job of predicting the Brexit 1
And if you don't like Hillary then you obviously hate America. 1
I do 1
No way dude he's a neurosurgeon he can't be dumb as fuck! 1
Well obviously because that plot didn't target Americans. 1
The system works! 1
I hope you just forgot to add the 1
Or you know by 2%.. What a landslide 1
That's funnier the second time I read I think. 1
Because she would have lost otherwise? 1
"that's some real ""leadership"" there." 1
I thought it was obvious enough sarcasm that I didn't need the 1
Whereas no one on the right every threatened Obama's life. 1
Mental healthcare is for fagets 1
America would never condone such actions! 1
Good point. 1
yea and I sometimes I just happen to go to bars and read edger allen po in a book I just happened to bring in my stylish monocle and fedora that I sometimes wear 1
Just like in a relationship! 1
We should let the banks crash the economy every few years if it's profitable. 1
The Democratic ads pointing out these facts were amazing. 1
But if GM doesn't get the tax break how will all that money trickle down to us poor folk. 1
Yes government is then answer to all our problems. 1
You're right they probably should have lowered it because the declining real minimum wage value of the last 30 years has certainly contributed to increased income equality which most economists agree is awesome for the economy 1
I mean didn't they give him a purple heart for his service? 1
But it's Hilary using dog whistles! 1
Oh then it's ok. 1
well he is a 'new King'! 1
Yeah because the people who lost have been so quiet about it 1
Because we have to do SOMETHING! 1
But but....god works in mysterious ways! 1
Reminds me of the fake news station in Grand Theft Auto... not that it's a parody of anything specific... 1
I wonder why MSM outlets aren't paying important stuff like this more attention. 1
We're just lucky she survived the sniper fire in Bosnia. 1
I thought conservatives were pushing to move *away* from following the constitution... so null and void that shit 1
Oh yeah we totally need each student to pay your salary in tuition each year 1
BERNIE LOST HE'S IRRELEVANT BEND THE KNEE 1
good job reading the proposal.. 1
That's why there is no evidence of it... The monies cancelled each other out! 1
Can we *unskew* these polls? 1
They judge based on facts and logic and you do based on political correctness and media induced liberalism. 1
Go ATF! 1
"But no controls on investment banks that say they are trusted advisors and advise these to take flyers on these crazy ""investment"" vehicles?" 1
Because a minimum wage hinders people from finding work. 1
But if you don't like oppresive cults and bigots you are super intolerant! 1
This justified the vote for all of those hardcore conservatives out there. 1
It's all a vast right wing conspiracy 1
He gotta stop dropping that 1
And that worked out just great 1
"""That woman had it coming""" 1
I am pretty sure they are meeting to celebrate Trump's incoming victory 1
I was really hoping he just forgot the 1
bern it up or burn it down 1
Because the republican party totally isn't responsible for squandering our nations wealth 1
You forgot the 1
Oh good picking one of two political extremes will surely help to unify us even further 1
Totally not racist at all 1
you're right.... obama totally is big brother.... 1
I thought corporation was the word we use for a company made up of meanies 1
You forgot the 1
Anti-profiteering laws? 1
That 25 cent raise helps a lot 1
He don't need those rapists! 1
I heard she sent mail without correct postage #lockherup 1
No corporate executive is that unethical! 1
You will be gainfully employed after being drafted into the army for the war on Iran 1
Exactly why every other developed country on the planet has done away with paid leave 1
Yea that's exactly what I said. 1
freedom 1
It's time for a 15th Benghazi committee... 1
Who needs proof when you have feels 1
Because fighting fascism is just as bad as fascism itself. 1
That's all those Canadians sneaking in because of how much better our healthcare is than theirs 1
Don't believe your lying eyes people. 1
He only lets interns use it when he knows they're gonna say something embarrassing. 1
I forgot about all that government research money that Apple and Microsoft got. 1
This will change the election! 1
Don't you know only poor people buy drugs. 1
Saying that makes you the real racist 1
I bet they bought them with their food stamps 1
I'm glad I'm wasting my time debating you. 1
Hey can't you get both sides to vote for you if you say things that each side likes to hear? 1
Isn't it nice when the people representing us refuse to listen to us? 1
Too Soon 1
Which is why we need assault weapons. 1
"TIL ""two wrongs now make a right.""" 1
I'm soooooo happy that my money is going to keeping these people employed. 1
Way to put yourself in their shoes 1
Wait are you serious?I don't see an 1
Isn't that penii? 1
Yes theres a conspiracy. 1
Yeah it's just another right-wing conspiracy 1
Bodes well for sane pharmaceutical policy making strictly in the interest of the American public 1
I Bet reddit gold that he will thoughtfully and eloquently answer the question regarding his willingness to commit war crimes by specifically and purposefully targeting and killing non-combatants and civilians on the battlefield. 1
I can't wait until @potus starts a twitter war against Morning Joe. 1
Bernie/Kanye 2020 1
Because that's what is was. 1
I guess it never pays to forget the 1
This is why we need to get rid of the EPA and let the free market handle things. 1
Bernie said it so it must be true! 1
Why would they tip peasants? 1
because it was invented by a black man. 1
I didn't say it was funny 1
How can we possibly be expected to trust the NY Times with their obvious conservative bias? 1
Yep... and the Trump Jr did not grub her pussy... what a class act 1
Where are the people fighting for equality for women? 1
Unless you are filled with teh ghey. 1
Good thing Bernie is doing a fantastic job energizing young voters! 1
It sounded so natural coming out of his mouth too. 1
I'm honestly surprised the second coming of Jesus Christ does not have Israeli citizenship 1
Shocking! 1
Apperently they were *just* on the cusp of a huge one before this bill was passed 1
But the Republicans! 1
But they got rid of Soros ! 1
"""Teach the Controversy""" 1
I would be ok with killing women and children... if it were free 1
Liberal tears 1
He's actually playing 17-D Chutes and Ladders and is using this to undermine Russia's influence. 1
What monsters! 1
Karl Marx died in 1883. 1
You forgot the 1
Right... Since when do the masses decide anything? 1
You dropped this 1
"Must be some good ""thinkers""." 1
Clearly a racist. 1
No man we just don't have *Rides* to the dmv that's the thing 1
But racism isn't an issue in the US any longer. 1
I demand they also provide counseling to the millions of conservatives having fainting spells because they think Christians are under attack due to Starbucks having a red coffee cup! 1
But Russia! 1
God put it there to question your faith 1
But on the upside you get a free prostate exam. 1
Pussy Powers. 1
You forgot the 1
stop criticizing her corruption she's just an oppressed womyn! 1
Clearly they have a great track record with this sort of thing. 1
Theres no way someone could have posted an image online for protesters to take to Kinkos. 1
Glad to see he's working hard on important issues for his salary and benefits. 1
So brave. 1
Maybe it's a hoax. 1
Hurray trickle down economics! 1
Don't you watch Law and Order? 1
Obviously a radical liberal trying to scare us into implementing socialism to redistribute wealth and raise our taxes... 1
You dropped this 1
Shocker 1
you dropped your 1
Hopefully we'll never get a white president again. 1
As long as their white I can identify with them. 1
Missed the 1
No one could have predicted this outcome. 1
I'm pretty certain he's 1
Nah fuck that I didn't get to see Dinosaurs why should my kids get to see polar bears and penguins. 1
you forgot the 1
Words defeat numbers: Sanders is not electable even though he polls better than Clinton every single time. 1
Well poor people aren't really people since they have refrigerators and toasters. 1
That we tell them about Ron Paul for the sake of fuck? 1
At this point what does it really matter? 1
Congratulations. 1
Maybe he's washing clean dishes at soup kitchen today... 1
You left this: 1
What was the piece rate again? 1
This is what the Muslims probably think and Obama 1
Jewish ethnicity only passes down through the mother's side. 1
Stop taxing the job creators 1
Obviously 1
The polls are skewed! 1
So Trump IS a job creator. 1
Sounds like 38% of Republicans are god damned RINO's! 1
a beautiful example how regulations on the financial industry would negatively impact the economy. 1
Because we all know hedge funds have the interests of the common man in mind when they are doing this... 1
He'll hire the best people. 1
Yeah its really surprising that conspiracy theorists aren't believing the gov and msm huh? 1
She will be trustworthy only if the Republicans do it too. 1
Those are brown babies. 1
I am absolutely shocked at the lack of response. 1
Why is Hillary trying to destroy the American fireworks industry? 1
I'm sure Hillary will explain all of this away at her next press conference. 1
another rigged poll! 1
Plunging fire from a moral high ground there... 1
I'm officially an atheist now. 1
But Mark Levin's latest book has 60 pages of footnotes so he must know what he's talking about 1
To bad the dead don't have higher turnout 1
yea because nothing will help homeless people more than unfettered access to pot. 1
Innocent until proven guilty is just a phrase 1
Got another Sinclair shill over here. 1
"Yeah ""the government should belong to everyone"" what a crazy Marxist idea" 1
But did he use the proper buzzwords? 1
thats sexist 1
That would be treason. 1
Don't forget about the scourge of rap music. 1
At gunpoint I assume? 1
Vote for Hillary... 20% less corrupt than Trump. 1
Shouldn't a twist be unexpected? 1
you forgot your 1
WaPo is in the tank for Trump 1
The smart people double down with a 16 against a 10 showing. 1
Don't forget that 1
You forgot the 1
This is truly the most important post ever on Reddit. 1
Well he's TRYING! 1
Some hard-hitting investigative journalism. 1
What leaks? 1
Well how else do you explain his nationalized healthcare bill? 1
You seem like a very reasonable person who votes based on policy and character rather than anger and an immature worldview 1
Yeah they shouldn't ban homosexuality they should just send them to conversion therapy like vp elect pence 1
Yeah and assumptions are always the most logical and proper way to the truth 1
Well obviously you're a filthy commie 1
He is making so many sacrifices to be our President 1
because THAT never happened before Obamacare. 1
I really feel vindicated 1
I'm shocked. 1
But god will always love that child! 1
So glad to see we are having an intelligent debate. 1
I blame r/trees 1
And many Republican actions over the last eight years have not been driven by animus towards Obama. 1
Hillary's emails took over their healthcare. 1
It time someone puts those freeloading toddlers to work and show them they can't live sucking on their mother's tit forever! 1
I'm glad someone in here has the sense to look at this from a jobs-creating perspective! 1
But it makes them feel terrible about themselves so its all good 1
That worked great for social security 1
Maybe Congress should form a committee to look into this 1
I wonder if she will address Powell's emails. 1
This tactic won't help them until Chelsea runs. 1
Can we start with Ted Cruz? 1
"File under ""How the right wing wants to keep government smaller and out of your business.""" 1
So you're saying Bernie wants to raise taxes and cut jobs from hard working Americans? 1
You forgot the 1
Illegal immigrants are not allowed to vote anyways. 1
We know this because she was indicted. 1
You are missing a crucial element here: his bootstraps. 1
The civil rights took like 2 years to accomplish 1
Who would make a cookie out of drain cleaner and try to pass it off as an Oreo rip off? 1
Sure we really need to hear from two candidates who couldn't get 5% of the vote from anywhere. 1
That sounds constructive. 1
This will be good for memecoin. 1
Damn right - a one-sentence hate-tweet is a much better method of informing voters... 1
We found a Trump supporter 1
Don't you know that Hillary lost because you call people racist and stupid! 1
*delete your account* 1
Why would they spend so much money denying something that doesnt exist? 1
Your stance that I am a dumb fuck is compelling argument that makes me seriously consider your position. 1
What a fucking great article . 1
selfish assholes 1
Bitches should know their place amiright? 1
Sounds like a super fun place to go to school. 1
imagine the tens of part-time hot dog vending jobs this project will bring in; that's something these professors in their ivory towers will never be able to do. 1
Will honkey suffice? 1
Haha guess I should've dropped the ole 1
Because an old boys club is how this country is supposed to run 1
Those totally out addictive additives to make sure kids get hooked for life. 1
oh no what a shame we really needed another boring debate 1
can't imagine why there are downvotes on this 1
Yeah except those damn blackies who didnt have internet or not know about Killer Mike And Bernie Sanders! 1
This is going to end well for him. 1
Well that doesn't sound threatening in any way shape or form. 1
Yeah because his populist message on trade that mirrored Trump's would have had no play in the rust belt 1
Breaking news. 1
It's cause Obama is an undercover Muslim too...he knows where to find em. 1
It's for the free stuff right? 1
Trump would make a great leader but I can't say this publicly because an entire ethnicity would rightfully hate me. 1
That's nothing 1
Right. 1
Here you dropped this: 1
..damn immigrants. 1
Yea but who could ever trust the notoriously liberal Comey. 1
Yeah because anyone who authorizes double tap drone strikes is going to draw a moral line at torture 1
suuuuuuuuuuure 1
IN GOD WE TRUST! 1
Is this early news that Sanders is winning big in WV? 1
So the conspiracy goes so deep that big pharma laid the ground for this decades ago! 1
Which wouldn't be an issue if she was so otherwise transparent of course. 1
Maybe it's the Whigs. 1
I heard they are taking our guns and turning them into cell phones to give to poor people 1
Here is your nose cover. 1
So *that's* what makes them good at business. 1
You can always go to Voat. 1
All of you people opposed to this profligate spending are obviously violent racists bent on overthrowing the government. 1
Silent majority! 1
keep creating the narrative .. we can't wait until you give us that yes answer we have been waiting for because then we're going to believe you and vote for her. 1
56% right now but I thought bernie was doomed 1
"""This is why Trump won!""" 1
TIL that posts against the views of the hive-mind get buried. 1
Yes because splitting the vote and electing the GOP would be so productive 1
Tyranny of the minority is much better 1
oh you missed my 1
He means before Obama *was born*. 1
BREAKING NEWS: Bernie Sanders supports child abuse and is against video games! 1
i wonder why 1
Hackers only wanted his pasta recipe didn't you know 1
Oh...well then it was totally worth it. 1
Is he not a big MGS fan? 1
That's how you know its a conspiracy soo deep the conspirators have fallen for it 1
That would be awesome! 1
Wow that site certainly doesn't have any kind of agenda 1
Still OK to blame everything on Obama. 1
"""evolving""" 1
But muh free speech and muh anti-pc culture 1
...complains about long wait times for room service delivery. 1
When you use sarcasm on the internet it's polite to include a sarcasm tag like 1
I'm really sure the Republican Senate and House are going to hold inquiries as soon as possible... 1
If you outlaw uteri then only outlaws will have a uterus 1
Worst thing to happen since 9/11 1
Yeah but they were RINOs not TrueRepublicansTM 1
You should totally go work for Vector and sell some Cutco knives 1
Doesn't count because she's white. 1
This election will really be decided once we have the vice-presidential debates 1
JUST YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GET BACK TO TROOP SUPORTIN' 1
Yea $13/hour in 2019 will get you a nice place I'm sure. 1
Good thing everybody agrees what kind of country US must become. 1
You don't seem to notice the invisible 1
Because everyone who supports Sanders obviously will never vote Clinton 1
Well after 8 years of a black man running things should we be surprised that even the far left wants a crusty old white guy steering the ship again? 1
Oh no I'm scared! 1
herr durr watch faux newzz much? 1
It would have had to have been said in an email for anyone to care. 1
He's right Obama created the 2008 financial crisis then elected himself into office to fix it so he could come out as the hero. 1
You know where that baby emerged from. 1
But all those people who have to spend all day filling out unnecessary forms would lose their jobs... 1
Diablo III launched perfectly on the first day and everyone was happy about it 1
Didn't know know that armed thugs are just hiding in bushes and around every corner to murder your entire family line? 1
Not if you know how it is rigged...... 1
If he doesn't I'm sure Trump will. 1
That is a splendid analogy 1
Well you're a red-faced commie who's hell bent on destroying American freedom 1
Nah cuz the Klan was made under rural conservative democrats to terrorize black people and liberal whites a hundred and fifty years ago so the current urban and liberal democrats are the real racists 1
I can't believe he gave up that plum job as a federal judge to fight for liberty 1
Yeah...balance 1
(c)ertainly this would have nothing to do with it 1
But it's her turn. 1
Because Biden is a shining beacon of thoughtfulness and good leadership... 1
"Because getting things done = ""change"" with hillary in office" 1
Party of fiscal responsibility. 1
Yeah but that's a Democrat. 1
You forgot the 1
I participate in faux Slave Trading as a hobby. 1
Our representatives in the House succeeded in preventing his plans! 1
Looks like you nailed her. 1
Stein must have gotten some of that sweet CTR cash. 1
Someone has a solid understanding of biology and law. 1
I just can't understand why the GOP fare so poorly with minorities.... 1
She's innocent I tell ya! 1
Yeah cuz only two candidates are running 1
TIL the entirety of left wing politics are part of the narrative that helps republicans stay in power. 1
Cause his supporters aren't prejudice of the %1 at all or anything 1
I'm sorry my pleb dictionary was not worthy of your high birth. 1
But then gays are equal to me and I am better than a gay 1
That's not terrifying at all! 1
Well aren't you the expert on intelligence briefings 1
As long as they're not the same sex! 1
Typical woman. 1
That's how deep the rabbit hole goes! 1
Experts are liberal elitists 1
Ever heard of Ron Paul? 1
But but...9/11! 1
Yeah save the dehumanizing for that whore/bitch Clinton! 1
They just can't compete with the other developed nations that have health care systems like the USA. 1
It was back when America was great! 1
That should accomplish a lot 1
but..but i thought libertarians were just extreme tea party people 1
Yes because only republicans gerrymander. 1
You forgot the 1
Too bad all those PC liberals made the moderators agree to put trigger warnings in the debates this year. 1
look at all those facts! 1
Sounds like you've really got them figured out. 1
Because just letting these people buy guns like toys definitely doesn't help people go on rampages. 1
Trump is going to release his tax returns at the same time he releases the stuff he found out about Obama in Hawaii. 1
I can get behind it only if the drones are weaponized and capable of delivering pinpoint drops on people drinking large sodas and/or smoking with minimal (&lt;30) bystander casualties. 1
Now let's elect a Republican president for 2016! 1
Which polls? 1
They get their news from reputable sources. 1
Spoken like a true leader of the people 1
They can go to another state. 1
Stuck in traffic? 1
Maybe force them to pay taxes? 1
Yeah and the used bullets too! 1
Hence the wind farms offshore right now... 1
You damn commie sympathizer 1
It doesn't say she needs a nap so it must be fake 1
Which is ridiculous since he shouldn't be in his position because of his Kenyan birth. 1
((( Media ))) 1
OMG how exciting I'm sure this will turn out differently than the last 60-something attempts at repealing the Affordable Care Act! 1
In that case I am not sure they even need a trial to hang him. 1
"that ""wild wild west money""" 1
It is inappropriate for the president to comment on foreign relations. 1
Tax cuts will create jobs far faster than creating jobs would. 1
obviously its because 97% of scientists are corrupt. 1
You forgot the 1
I certainly feel safer when it's more likely I will be arrested 1
You mean like Obummer? 1
"The mean ""those people in europe we used to be at war with.""" 1
Welchblvd missed the 1
there are republican Jews? 1
I'm waiting for a Senate resolution expressing how they feel about puppy dogs and rainbows. 1
They elected Obama twice... 1
They stopped him after he got caught exchanging nudes with 14 year olds 1
Oh yeah that League of Nations thing was a totally nationalistic enterprise 1
You dropped this - 1
"Uhh I think you mean ""good business""" 1
How can she be sexist if she's a woman though? 1
Why would we trust Iran for this unprecedented betrayal of citizens firbthr gain of republican politicians? 1
Shoot that's mitt's foreign policy experience 1
BUT LIBERTARIANISM! 1
Very comparable 1
What a bernie bro 1
Get your filthy government hands off of my Medicare 1
It will shoot to the top like a rocket. 1
Thank god Texas's problems are all solved once every two years. 1
NO REPUBLICANS CANT BE ETHICAL BIGOT 1
Just like getting rid of the Palestinian state isn't the same as getting rid of the Palestinian people 1
So much more reassuring that our presidential candidate is just an idiot and not a criminal. 1
Thanks for the generalization. 1
You just have to give the tax cuts time to work. 1
He did get nominated for an Emmy though. 1
How profound 1
The only logical way to combat guns is with more guns. 1
Could you imagine people treating Obama this way? 1
Shut up and vote for Hillary you lousy peon. 1
You just haven't been assimilated yet. 1
You forgot the 1
I see the Paul voting brigade is out in force today 1
Maybe if I'm an asshole they'll come to my side! 1
Yeah I have no idea how voting laws work. 1
Arnold is biased by his Austrian Heritage. 1
you forgot 1
Yeah but it won't happen anywhere else because cut off one conservative head and two more grow back in its place! 1
About 100k more Or until a black police officer exerts force on a white upper middle class citizen. 1
yeh republicans don't hate women 1
That makes total sense when you consider that it is always the anti Trump protestors who have been violent in the past 1
You can't even answer some simple questions.... someone would think you were Rand Paul or something. 1
Because it worked so well for John McCain. 1
 1
This is the equivalent of 8 or 9 missed security briefings. 1
You forgot the 1
We never investigated them thoroughly enough because we never found anything that would have destroyed his presidency. 1
You obviously didn't see the Lt Gov's tweet 1
By calling their supporters stupid white trash and racist women-hating biggots 1
This just shows Trump is smart. 1
It's OK by the time the middle class is wiped out they'll all be rich and then they'll be safe. 1
Well you see black people don't really pay attention to politics... 1
Just another outlier from an unreliable Republican-skewed pollster! 1
Well if Kim Kardashian is voting for him damn I will too 1
Why would the state promote the creation of terrorists? 1
And that's the true American spirit. 1
Obviously the Republican leadership is more generous in helping the less than fortunate Democrats in their counties than those managed by Democrats. 1
That must have been a really good hooker. 1
Oh man my opinion has totally changed now! 1
Not sure if serious or just lacking an 1
He wants to tax us at 99% and give away all the free stuffs! 1
Why do you want to punish success? 1
i'm sure he will definitely turn Hilary into the epitome of truth and honesty... 1
Because it humanized and made a young black boy more important to the country when he should have just been another murdered black. 1
Yes because Clinton's tax plan is so much better to Republicans than Trumps 1
What is the worst that could happen? 1
Better than your lamstream media and all those shillbots who....oh I give up. 1
It's not evidence tampering if the police do it 1
Yes Iraq and Libya are doing so much better thanks to the US. 1
Surely it is just a complete coincidence 1
We're rugged individualists - we don't need no stinkin' healthcare - especially not for those low-life poor people. 1
ITT: Medical professionals. 1
It's different because trump is a lying racist with ties to the Soviet Union 1
You know who else didn't drink alcohol? 1
That would make them racist. 1
Sry forgot the 1
All statistics. 1
That's why you should use Bitcoins. 1
These are the same people who found the Boston Bomber though. 1
Trying to court Hispanics is racist towards white people! 1
Sexist! 1
forgot the 1
It's defiantly about race and not the he is a far left democrat! 1
That anti-ISIS circlejerk... talk about sheep! 1
This further proves she ain't human cause no human being could sit through 8 hours of that bullshit. 1
Yes because they are programming people to be vapid and shallow and not that people are already act that way. 1
"""And running a country on principle is much more important"" -Jefferson Davis" 1
You don't want to see a wall of photos from her past? 1
YAASSSS Queen. 1
But she's not cuddly and I don't feel like she'd be fun to have a beer with so I'm going to vote third party and help elect the fascist. 1
"Well obviously both groups are well known ""low information voters""" 1
Fuckin micks are ruining America 1
Its all about christian forgiveness- an argument obama can't use because he's obviously muslim 1
TIL you can determine someone's residency status by highway camera footage. 1
But but... he was being sarcastic 1
Oh no see...those protesters are just paid activists. 1
Uh... demand a plan? 1
But he sounds sooo good 1
Ooooooooooo. 1
Yeah the 15 newspapers that endorsed Romney are all suddenly democratic shills instead of legitimately horrified of a Trump presidency. 1
pointing this out makes you guilty of circle jerking. 1
You forgot this 1
Think you dropped this. 1
*sigh* 1
But weed isn't addictive 1
check your establishment privilege 1
Can't imagine why 1
sexist 1
You forgot to add 1
Obviously the white guy. 1
I will downvote you because I am trying to bury the truth. 1
Obama uses it all the time because he is a Moslum 1
You mean besides all those people the Clintons are having murdered? 1
You dropped this: 1
I love this new GOP minority outreach program. 1
its only a federal crime to stop people from voting so I guess there is a strong incentive not to do that 1
It's all the media maaaan 1
TIL bribery is only a crime if you are the one being bribed. 1
We have SO MANY of them right now.... 1
How will we ever fix the problem if we don't stop talking about it? 1
Cuz murders and molesters don't live in gated communities. 1
You must be part of the solution. 1
Oh cool I guess I can trust him now 1
But my 10 year old grandson :-( This MacArthur guy sounds mean like Hillary 1
The only possible explanation. 1
Isn't that covered by Obamacare presently? 1
Return Landing impossible due to flat earth. 1
Glad to see Reddit going towards cosmopolitan for its political articles 1
Well that's just stupid logic. 1
*obviously* their religion is fact and all the others are just heathen lies 1
How dare they be successful! 1
still better than having a black or a woman am I right guys 1
Yes because the media is a shill for Trump 1
It's almost like it's a fluid situation... who would've thought. 1
Yes they would make it obvious so we know they did it on purpose. 1
But it's technically legal because parties are private entities! 1
And if something goes wrong FUCK EM. 1
"The ol' ""algorithm"" is messing up again guys nothing to see here." 1
You clearly haven't been paying attention to the UN's efforts to remove our sovereignty! 1
but they're only 1% less reliable! 1
It isn't true until it's verified by Fox News and Limbaugh. 1
I'm sure this thread will be great and have a good discussion. 1
I know; what a threat. 1
That one was such a winner... 1
Whichever one confirms your beliefs 1
I know I use snark when using my search engine. 1
Wait he was white he has a right to that run but that person over there is black and has no rights to the gun. 1
Do you think the for profit system has anything to do with that?... 1
Is that mostly because Zimmerman is a hispanic jew? 1
Don't you mean *Delaware*..? 1
"Usually it's easier and much more clear to append a ""sarcastic"" comment like so." 1
Yes it did they became Presidents. 1
... sometimes it seems like that'd be a good idea 1
George W Bush had his VP run his transition team and we all saw how well that worked out. 1
He was clearly being sarcastic. 1
Of course the primaries weren't rigged either 1
And let's not forget that other great precedent from one of Donald Trump's heroes who had jews wear stars of David on their clothing. 1
As a liberal socialist (and sometimes satanist) shill i must say the Juche sytem might work in America. 1
"""That's because it's working""" 1
You forgot the 1
But I thought he was a communist! 1
Yea putting your countries interests first is horrible 1
Look at those paedophiles. 1
~~he hates the troops~~ he should concentrate on important things and not waste tax payer money on frivolous things 1
Nah it's a fairly new country 1
The press is not dishonest at all 1
"This really looks like ""draining the swamp""" 1
yeah because it's good when people don't understand each other and are condescending to one another 1
She may have been ahead by millions of votes but she obv cheated her way there. 1
Rich people are JOB CREATORS. 1
She said it's the gold standard of trade agreements and has lobbied for over 3 years for it but I'm sure he's not really for it 1
Yes because all violent crime is committed with ar-15 and AKM rifles. 1
TIL MLK is based on the Bern. 1
Im not convinced until we find a reddit account post that confirns this. 1
Men are rigging this election. 1
Democrats: honorable knights fighting corruption. 1
Too bad Cho wasn't limited to low capacity mags... 1
"""He's a communist fascist atheist Muslim obviously""" 1
The must really make the Bernie Sanders supporters upset that Clinton is committed to a liberal Supreme Court. 1
Its a shame she avoided it for 270 days when she was healthy 1
Yet more examples of responsible gun owning parents. 1
Clearly you're just another US-bashing America hater. 1
Just put your kids in private school for a proper education. 1
Totally 1
This is exactly what I look for in a President. 1
Then become a lobbyist and make your millions 1
Because of course weather = climate 1
Sounds like she needs to pull herself up by her bootstraps. 1
Someone forgot the 1
Damn what a shame that would be 1
Now they hit the snake with the stick like so: 1
Basic operating parameters like transparency? 1
Score hidden... Great moderation 1
Just like voters in southern states 1
That's my fetish. 1
Doesn't anyone realize that the DEA like any other police force is completely above the law. 1
Yeah this clearly isn't political! 1
Yes because the US has been talking about invading Iran for years now. 1
So the obviously the best way to protect black kids is to remove black people from America. 1
Nice way to add spin to your title. 1
What is this country coming to when you have to increase revenues? 1
What a moderate right? 1
Brace move on his part leaving off the 1
I'm sure he's shaking in his boots because of the statement of one member of the Irosh parliament. 1
clearly it's only assault if they actually (successfully) press charges 1
dang which Republican leaked these ones 1
is it that she sucks at fighting tyranny? 1
Well if you're making that little money your opinion doesn't matter anyway. 1
The economy is being rigged to make Obama look good. 1
Insult driven campaign! 1
trump totally cares about these people! 1
Things were pretty terrible way back then before all this economic collapse stuff. 1
I'm waiting until Florida is gone first. 1
He should have done a background check on himself to see if he was legally allowed to have an illegal gun or something. 1
Of course it would never have anything to do with the resonance of his message. 1
Not at the rate things are going! 1
Just shocked I tell you! 1
Maybe he's from New York. 1
That's not what everyone else says. 1
THEY ARE IRAN'S PATH TO THE SEA! 1
#3dchess 1
But climate change causes terrorism! 1
This is totally about the bullshit rivalry between liberals and conservatives. 1
Yea pouring water up someones nose === chopping someones head off 1
Healthcare should be protected from capitalistic competition blasphemy talk such as this! 1
she would be in girl prison and everyone knows girls can't rape 1
His dad was a job creator! 1
Liberalism = Devil worshipping 1
It's just because they work harder than lazy poor people. 1
You forgot the 1
I down voted you cause it's that kind of defeatist attitude that will lead to seismic shake ups in our political system and general improvement of the American way of life. 1
Probably because of that strong showing by Kaine in the debate that convinced everyone he'd make a great President if anything happens to her. 1
Yea because there is NO difference between a trained professional and some whack job that we should distinguish when automatic rifles are involved 1
It's always the Jews! 1
Ooo I'm so mad at you right now 1
Fight the power by expanding the government! 1
Yeah I hear that the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 did wonderful things for black communities. 1
but...but...but...she's raising so much more money than Donald Trump. 1
You forgot the 1
Upload my mixtape 1
You dropped this. 1
I mean you are..since you're working for my WIC and EBT card anyway 1
Both parties are the same. 1
but is her turn! 1
A great role model for little girls who want to achieve something. 1
Thanks for reading my response and giving me some meaningful discussion. 1
kind of hard to give anal sex an even worse name but as it turns out most anything is possible. 1
I think you missed the 1
With a recount 1
Just like Jesus would do! 1
CNN has certainly outdone itself. 1
"""Security review""" 1
Because that makes so much sense if you oppose abortion 1
"You don't understand ... every job deserves a ""living wage.""" 1
Well Obama being Muslim makes sense that DWS would call antisemitism. 1
You are veerryy smart. 1
But only white people care about economic security! 1
Just call it a good shooting and move on. 1
Screen shot or it didn't happen. 1
Karate at a strip mall should be able to help you defend yourself from an armed offender. 1
How dare you point out that people are the problem and not symbols 1
*sigh* 1
Hillary gets things done! 1
Because video doesn't capture the true nature of police actions. 1
He would've if not for the glorious efforts of our obstructionist GOP 1
Just as long as they don't immunize them! 1
Neville Chamberlain wants his strategy back 1
Fortunately you have unelected judges to imprison elected officials who step out of line 1
"""They"" all look the same." 1
He's doing the best he can with the Navy SEALS he inherited from the previous administration 1
Because you know me so well. 1
But it's our fault! 1
That sounds fair. 1
Isn't that the tag line for slavery too 1
I'm sure he'll also be proposing that Congressmen only get 12/30ths of their salary. 1
Yeah I don't know why people don't just go out and get themselves a job! 1
That's sexist 1
Solution don't let conservatives vote! 1
#DOWNVOTED 1
That is a well reasoned position to take. 1
Moderate indies are an anathema. 1
Those leaks were BOMBSHELLS! 1
Yea but Clinton! 1
Obama wants to take away your guns too. 1
Clinton is infamous for her strict adherence to rules. 1
You're right we should be terrified. 1
I should add a 1
Forgot my 1
"But... but... they're ""the party of Lincoln""!" 1
Bet the pope would be cool with his cheating statement. 1
all traffic from Breitbart doesn't count against your data though! 1
Lock her up too! 1
But he can just print more money to fund all that! 1
I'm sure a couple of idiot parents with an agenda would have lots of trouble finding some equally idiotic experts with the same agenda 1
Because Communism! 1
She is likely shaking in her boots now that the top minds of /politics have finally united. 1
Reddit is a liberal hivemind! 1
That just means they need to look even harder right? 1
Yeah that makes totally impossible. 1
Obviously the guy requesting the reports has the burden of proving they don't exist 1
but corporations are people 1
Dis you know that you and those 2 people are part of CTR? 1
Any story mentioning government or organized society is anti-anarchist propaganda 1
Good thing we don't leave that decision up to the doctor then. 1
He just ran in the primary so he could get a job from Fox News at the end of it. 1
no no no no lets keep arguing about abortion and gay marriage and ignore everything else. 1
Probably to some damn liberal institution! 1
Oh OH is he going to hire ~~acorn~~ the Koch brothers to bus illegals in to fill out the crowd? 1
Oh my god... they were right... 1
Who needs government endorsements when you have Killer Mike and Tommy Chong? 1
Why would she be tired of BS if she just endorsed him? 1
Worst genocide ever. 1
Isn't the republican meme always about how liberals can't handle money and budgets? 1
No no obviously they should have suck it in and fall in line. 1
Classy 1
It's them damn liberals forcing people to ship their money overseas to protect it from taxes! 1
Because that doesn't control those loose women out there. 1
You had to bring facts into the discussion! 1
Well clearly whatever you just said doesn't matter because you are totally my sock puppet account 1
**Get me my gun......** 1
Probably the Republicans fault 1
'But not that sarcastic' Deporting the 'founder of ISIS' seems like the least we can do. 1
You forgot the 1
Looking forward to my east and west beach front property in Port Orlando. 1
Flip flopper!. 1
Well at least he doesn't have emails issues.... 1
yeah Trump will fix everything.... 1
Yeah but those jobs are from where stupid liberals live so they don't matter 1
But we're talking about the Muslims here 1
If he brought back detectives stabler and Logan I'd vote for him! 1
Damn 47% why can they just move to their second house instead of bitching about free market. 1
He's going to #drainthatswamp! 1
Just in time! 1
But Agraba has a genie of mass destruction! 1
Thomas Paine was a got-dayum socialist. 1
Regulation is alright as long as it doesn't come from the (federal) government! 1
Because there are only two sides.. 1
oh god how did the economy ever manage before government stepped in? 1
Lulz you're just a berniebro 1
They all occurred after Obama finished training in Kenya. 1
They did keep the trains running on time... Making Amtrak Great Again 1
But he's a self made man! 1
yeah theres no way that could lead to an appeal 1
And all those paid speeches are for scolding sessions where she tells them what they need to stop doing to the middle class. 1
Problem is that you had to donate $5k to the Hillary Victory Fund to be in the focus group. 1
Even Hitler? 1
Great theory. 1
Yeah and then we can stick to the facts straight from Breitbart 1
As a white male I can totally confirm the disenfranchisement bit... why the other day a black guy had the nerve to make eye contact with me! 1
Ask any cop about drugs - they'll give you a reasonable and non-biased answer backed up by hard science. 1
That makes him smart! 1
I'm sure the subreddit that called him Daddy Trump are going to be critical of his missteps. 1
Stop making sense. 1
Polls are now fake again. 1
Love those entitlements. 1
Yes...because voting for Paul is clearly the only logically consistent option. 1
That's the only explanation! 1
But what about **vengence**? 1
But they got Al Baghdadi so the ends justify the means right? 1
We're #6! 1
Didnt he make headlines when he said America is tired of Clintons Emails? 1
But MAGA centipede cucks! 1
Roger Ailes is just a rich billionaire with a credible and bipartisan news organization that helped launch the careers of many respectable journalist that is being unfairly targeted by evil women 1
Long lines and missed flights save lives. 1
Ya FDR was terrible for this country 1
Naw they just want free stuff.. 1
Oh... they manage his Facebook page. 1
Not to mention that community organizers were made by the communist British to institute sharia law. 1
Could you possibly be implying that Libertarian-ism and objectivism wouldn't stand up to scrutiny? 1
Now if the voters had have just had proper photo ID this never would have happened. 1
Peasant. 1
i hope everybody with subjective values different from me would all die 1
you forgot to put 1
"Or give them a new label I propose ""Goat fuckers""" 1
But see 78% of us don't find anything wrong with that. 1
So surprised to see that your account is less than a week old 1
The internet is no place for sarcasm! 1
Another Vince foster 1
How will I know if my opinions are right or wrong 1
I miss the days when we thought we could trust our leaders. 1
So fuck it all and burn it to the ground I guess? 1
Challenge accepted! 1
He will find the money after he kicks all the drug addicts off welfare. 1
Private prisons is part of Trump's plan to make America great again. 1
Trump kisses a photo of George Lincoln Rockwell before he goes to sleep at night 1
I'm sure that will turn out well. 1
She is only being singled out because of her gender. 1
This is functionally equivalent to sucker punching a guy who's actively leaving an event in the face. 1
You don't have true liberty if it doesn't allow you to outlaw true liberty. 1
**wow I hope people are willing to let GOP candidates slide like that** 1
Skyrocketing racial tensions are always fun 1
Thanks Bernie! 1
Check your privilege shitlord! 1
I'm sure this will get the attention it deserves in the media. 1
Oh well then. 1
Because their ideologies are so similar 1
Forgot the 1
"""There will be blood"" Because quoting a movie means you're violent." 1
You forgot how they forced private insurers out of providing flood insurance. 1
It would be more but they saved us from the death panels. 1
Will you just guaranteed your spot in hell! 1
Or is it the flag removal? 1
Glad you could see the 1
So you should all vote Trump in November! 1
She's just angling to play her in the movie in 20 years. 1
I wish there was some way to prove these statements. 1
I forgot my 1
Seems like a reasonable assumption 1
Plus that video audio of him admitting he grabs them by the pussy is another bogus lie made up by the Chinese. 1
That critical state of Utah. 1
Yeah but why care about the long-term or overall effects when there's short-term personal gain to be had? 1
you dropped this 1
DON'T LET GAYS DEFILE THE PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM! 1
Segregation Now! 1
Both parties are the same 1
No one was expecting a question about the most important event to happen there in years. 1
This is clearly a vast right wing conspiracy to discredit her for perfectly ordinary and acceptable fees 1
You sound like fun at parties. 1
Its just too bad the people in the car didn't have a gun to shoot back. 1
But they lost their jobs because of Obama 1
I think that universities should also handle murder cases. 1
I expect the free press to make short work of their shenanigans by documenting and exposing their behavior to the voting public. 1
It's on the internets so it must be. 1
Dude she was also there at the inception of ISIS! 1
It requires the formation of a new Pecker Checker Agency (PCA) to preform pecker check functions to make sure people use the authorized restrooms. 1
Just a couple of bad apples. 1
I think that means you're asleep! 1
Can't we send the people who think taxes are robbing them to special communities where nothing is paid for and there is no law and order. 1
Like in 2010 when the Dems controlled the House and Senate. 1
it's a micro-aggression 1
Yeah because we all know how addictive marijuana is. 1
Because one sentence is enough to judge someone's education on am'rite? 1
Yea blowing up an entire wedding is way more civilized than kidnapping. 1
You forgot your 1
Why not tax car-poolers? 1
Gay marriage is one of the signs of the apocalypse. 1
But she cares about us 1
Sounds like a liberal. 1
We're still pissed about the War of Northern Aggression. 1
We can be sure the oh so concerned *esquire* has covered the whiteness of the US Government in the past. 1
A physician has confirmed that she has Parkinson's diseased caused by a head injury she suffered a few years ago 1
I move to vote for a longer title that makes this association more inflammatory and aggressively anti-clinton 1
"(Swaps in ""left handed people"") I don't see a problem discriminating against those *sinister* fellows." 1
maybe we could torture him to find out what he knows... 1
It's not like their job can be done by anyone 1
You forgot the 1
Guys he is just a smart business man and any of you could do the EXACT SAME THING. 1
"No I'm positive that she said ""we'll raise taxes on the middle class"" and got an applause break." 1
But Obama said this would cure cancer! 1
(((you know what he means))) 1
If that were true there'd only be poor people and blacks in jail instead of all the white white collar businessmen who commit the majority of crimes 1
That's actually the republican plan. 1
If the babies *really* needed these things they would be sending markets a stronger signal. 1
I'm sure this is somehow the fault of the media 1
Once that Bernie revolution hits I'm sure the Republicans will be stepping all over themselves to pass his bills. 1
I am sure he knows more then 90% of scientists who devote their lives to studying this 1
just like the non-profit hospitals charge patients less! 1
What a well thought out and thorough argument. 1
Oilman lives matter. 1
Yeah when you count the three million illegals that voted for him 1
yea and we certainly have seen in history that businesses left to their own devices will protect the consumer 1
Right because no other country has scientists. 1
Maybe he should pick her to be his VP then we could get a new DNC leader. 1
But...but Arizona Republicans fucked up the primary so that means Hilary rigged the election! 1
And now superdelegates are just fine. 1
Is that a JFK quote? 1
Scandinavian master race 1
I'm sure she doesn't have any influence 1
Duh they worked hard for their money 1
This is due to the economic policies of the previous administration 1
But...but...but...crooked Hillary. 1
You're missing the 1
But he's gay so if you don't like him it means you are a homophobe 1
I DO GOD DAMN LETS GET EM 1
I'm sure you ave been personally blamed. 1
Pretty sure OP simply forgot the 1
That's racist! 1
Well that totally makes BP a great corporation then. 1
Lovely. 1
I found your missing 1
lol i think you dropped this 1
I guess you just don't want to work hard. 1
You forgot the 1
Who's more anti establishment than the first woman president? 1
She is the most transparent candidate in history. 1
I'm sure McCain and Palin would've pulled us out of that one on day one. 1
Yeah this is totally comparable to the Holocaust. 1
And none of the women working in the White House are better than an 8. 1
because they're both choices? 1
Pretty sure the internment camps were why we won WWII... Right? 1
He wasn't aware that he could get a fully automatic machine gun from a gun show without even showing ID! 1
Only if you support Trump 1
I personally think TV would be awesome if everyone was going on the air with no idea what was going to happen next. 1
If only women in the US could be as free as they are in Iraq and Afghanistan. 1
Not for the rich and old atleast :p And we could always remodel Miami into a modern day Venice. 1
But what if Jason Bourne happens to be in Cuba at the same time and successfully protects Snowden from the CIA? 1
We don't need no stinkin' separation of powers. 1
Surprise! 1
Should have 1
I'm from Chicago and I cannot wait for all the crime to be eliminated here before next February 1
yes what if your not even born legally? 1
Hope that we can ban Muslims and deport millions! 1
Why do you hate the job creators? 1
I'm hoping for a return of 'saracen' honestly 1
You dropped your 1
Running as an independent because the democratic and republican parties are dysfunctional = narcissism 1
Think she has a chance? 1
Perhaps we could send Hillary on an exchange program... to show them how *it's done*. 1
I was thanking him for trying 1
Be patriotic ... consume until it hurts. 1
when will these sheeple wake up? 1
remember kids dictator Obama has all the power in the world and there is no power in congress.... 1
Because i really really like Bernie! 1
Perfect logic. 1
I can't see how this will be abused. 1
I don't understand how this could possibly happen in the liberal media. 1
They're not illegal immigrants if they look hot. 1
Elitist! 1
Forgot this 1
You dropped this: 1
"Only criminals and perverts need ""privacy""!" 1
I heard bringing a sign to a protest is violence too... 1
Makes sense to me. 1
But trump was in a 17 dimensional primary. 1
But she wore a white dress at the RNC... THE PATRIARCHY! 1
But wouldn't that be a kind of violating the officers right to privacy? 1
TIL that Hillary Clinton runs the CIA. 1
Both parties are exactly the same. 1
But Jack Kemp 20 years ago was nice to black people... 1
Lol oh brother....... please tell me you forgot to add the 1
But who will pay the poor unfortunate defense contractors who can no longer sell APC parts to the underfunded police who were just doing their jobs and following orders in the name of the people? 1
Because that analogy is relevant... 1
I get all of my news from unbiased Buzzfeed! 1
Yeah because Bernie sanders wants to make this country completely socialist. 1
I can't believe you would criticize AMERICA like that you commie pinko degenerate. 1
"In GOPese this is called ""Reaching out to moderates""" 1
Lemme just email Bernie right now I should get it for you by tonight 1
Sounds like Trump's silent majority is finally standing up! 1
Especially for children under the legal working age. 1
A Bernie Sanders Super PAC is awesome but ones for Republican candidates and Hillary Clinton are wrong and buying our election! 1
Nonono this is journalism 101 you seeee? 1
Its because the weed made ya'll lazy. 1
You forgot the 1
That's sexist. 1
ok sure 1
Yea and the solution is to get rid of the politicians who are bought and sold by businesses and put the businessman who has been greasing their pockets in charge...just get rid of the middleman basically. 1
another quality piece from Motherjones 1
That's sexist. 1
sounds like you really thought that one out 1
You're wrong because racism. 1
Another reason to end Obamacare! 1
It is a weak man who has to justify his actions with facts! 1
At least those 30 are consistent about women not having the right to choose. 1
But he gets so much money donated from bankers and military contractors! 1
Your logic is undeniable 1
fuck this country.. at least the libruls lost.. eh comrad? 1
Because we all know we can trust Keith Rupert Murdoch to tell the truth. 1
Catholic priests like boys enough to make up for female teachers shorting them. 1
Nothingburger. 1
One year too late 1
You missed the 1
Because russia is bad 1
We did it Reddit! 1
"Courts should clarify that these ""donations"" are indeed intended to buy congress people and if the congress person won't stay bought they have to pay it back." 1
Nah this is just evidence she's a neocon! 1
I'll just say I have terrible bone spurs and the dipshit in chief can go suck a fat one 1
Except for gays right? 1
"But...but...they have the cool ""Make Mexico Great Again Also"" hats." 1
But no one is trying to take your guns! 1
He's playing 3D Donalds and Dragons 1
Great idea since no-knock searches always end well. 1
Her leadership 1
Fucking hamsters 1
Ya thats what he meant. 1
I think we should regulate and censor the internet because it gives people too much free speech and that could enable them to spread hateful ideas very quickly and allows terrorists safe communication. 1
We should wait on the ban until some Muslims kill 140+ Americans like they did in France. 1
That's a *great* idea 1
That doesn't necessarily mean he was religious 1
"Yeah don't you know that the due process clause specifically says ""presidential candidates do not receive the same rights as other Americans and are in fact guilty until proven innocent""" 1
ahahahahahahaha so funny that means dumbhead 1
At least the deficit can't get any bigger as long as the boner is in charge. 1
How would you know... planning golf courses are serious business.... 1
Because everyone who commits a DUI should lose their job. 1
Who cares as long as the economy is growing. 1
Because the Saudis have a sudden passion in AIDS relief. 1
I know right... why can't everyone just speak American for crying out loud! 1
Kanye 2020 1
I love how hard-nosed the NYT are about their paywall. 1
Yeah but Al Sharpton literally rules the Democrats... 1
what a loss 1
A sternly worded letter is just so extreme considering how wonderful Brokeback has been for Kansas. 1
Really I had no idea! 1
You forgot the 1
Because I guess the FACT that he was arrested isn't valid without the video. 1
Survival of the fittest man! 1
Or perhaps they should pay people who eating healthy food. 1
How diabolically clever she must be to keep escaping your clutches 1
Hey now you can't call him a fascist until he kills at least 15000 people and then mayyybe we can use that word 1
oh that is funny...ha..ha..ha 1
It does sound familiar... Maybe he's the change we need - Yes we can! 1
I feel that some mansplaining is necessary here to say that it was never ever up to them. 1
Brazil is overrun with cats then? 1
true that Banksters love her - check the Saudis love her - check the MSM loves her - check she's more than qualified ... she's so super qualified that America is blinded by her qualifications. 1
I think the guy who setup her server would be the new head of the FBI. 1
I heard George soros lobbied to get the constitution and bill of rights rewritten 1
Because Dylan Roof was a leftist. 1
I'm sure the native populations were very happy they were able to help. 1
Shhh they don't like to point out he does well with voters... 1
A very well reasoned rebuttal that really shows what is wrong with the analysis. 1
Hahahahah nothing like a child rape joke 1
That is a lot of college girls chasing boys. 1
That's right we had slaves of all races before that. 1
Because China is so sneaky and conniving that they're willing to sacrifice their own short-term gains just to sell climate change to the world. 1
Trix are for kids... and marriage is for a man and a woman. 1
Thanks for the link to your credible information source! 1
Yeah but it just hasn't been done right yet! 1
Eradicate the poor. 1
I'm glad someone is working hard to unskew the polls 1
Me and my moderate friends support crucifixion as a punishment for simple drug possession. 1
but...but...but... what about all the black on black violence? 1
But obviously we are just as well off with out medical care. 1
My choice of subreddit definitely makes this author suspect. 1
Maybe now they will get off their lazy 6 year old asses and get a job. 1
Just like Jesus would have done... 1
Good thing he went to the Vatican! 1
We'll become the number two supplier of oil once we occupy the Middle East (except Saudi)! 1
But he's only saying mean things! 1
Donald only hires the best people. 1
They should feel honored to be burned to death making cheap shit to be sold by the great Walmart corporation! 1
You forgot your 1
Oh but they'll put those earnings made from less taxes back into the economy! 1
You forgot the 1
How can anyone stop the Mexican rapists if they have no experience committing sexual assault? 1
America never causes problems though 1
They could launder billions in drug money and nothing would happen. 1
Maybe they forgot 1
No one wants your reason and logic here 1
Yeah but its ok because it will prove I'm right 1
Yeah Dylan Roof sure seemed like a big time liberal... 1
Thanks for correcting that record. 1
So is truth-out suggesting we draft Romney? 1
make America great again. 1
Never question the powers that be 1
(((globalists))) 1
Totally 1
Because competition in a market is horrible. 1
Don't forget Kenya 1
Right because every man who is a sexist misogynist has never been married. 1
Someone to have a beer with? 1
Shocking... Just shocking 1
She didn't know! 1
Maybe we should nationalize the news to make sure that the news presents an accurate version of events. 1
Oh I'm sure Trump wouldn't go there 1
He wouldn't have to tweet if China's media wasn't so biased 1
Yeah the two accusations are totally different 1
I am sure Trump referencing becoming unshackled will play well with Black Americans. 1
Username checks out 1
you're just saying that because you fear a strong conservative woman. 1
The truth and reality are liberal propaganda! 1
The linked article doesn't specify where he had reservations for... 1
How will they afford to eat if we raise their taxes? 1
TIL that having a story about something is automatically celebrating it. 1
Yeah ... the Zodiac Killer refuses to endorse the Donald... how will Trump win the presidency now? 1
So your telling me that our president doesn't want people to be able to get rid of BLACK heads? 1
"We ""fix"" mistakes." 1
You can see how committed they are. 1
That worked out pretty well for all involved! 1
Its working for Kansas! 1
I for one am glad to see that people can think in nuance without jumping to absurd polarized conclusions that can easily be manipulated. 1
How dare trans people die for our country. 1
Which all Muslims perpetrated 1
Iran was looking pretty good until we killed Mosaddeq but hey at least we stopped communsim from sprouting there. 1
Bernie Sanders is the only small government personal liberties constitutionalist candidate 1
Sleep in it...with our taxes as nice warm covers. 1
Isn't it great that we have such top quality front runners 1
We could have totally avoided that with Hillary 1
Well there's a surprise. 1
The two time loser Carly Fiorina isn't helping Lyin' Ted? 1
So presidential 1
oh look more people to blame that arent those idiotic republicans in the house as to why nothing can get passed. 1
You elitist bastard! 1
Yeah but you're lazy and he's a hard working job creator. 1
Sic burn on all those bernie bros 1
All illegals are brown everyone knows this 1
But-but-but Jon Stewart Leibowitz is ashamed of his heritage! 1
All classified information was transmitted by an aid with a briefcase handcuffed to their wrist. 1
They just think they need healthcare. 1
The last thing we need in the white house is some crazy Mexican like Cruz. 1
They aren't addressing the many people on the internet who can prove $Hillary is a James Bond villain. 1
Everyone should be thanking the republican Senate and Congress who are clearly responsible for this dramatic turn in our economy! 1
Sex and erotic videotapes oh no. 1
Sure worked with Obama. 1
Obviously the children at the other school were simply worth more than food. 1
Wouldn't want that emotional lady-brain pollutin her decision making! 1
He's been drinking too much of that flouridated water I tell you! 1
Because libertarian ideals *certainly* brought us a global financial crisis. 1
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO FEMINISM AND IDENTITY POLITICS! 1
Exhibit A: Barack HUSSEIN Obamacare 1
That's because Christ is the one true way. 1
Have we ruled out that she simply makes her ~~servants~~ Secret Service agents carry her around out of spite? 1
This title was not editorialized at ALL. 1
I bet their Senator drops everything to address petitions by non-voters! 1
love the title 1
Might happen if they lived in Illinois. 1
"""Get out of here with your arguments of nuance.""" 1
Why are women afraid to bring up sexual assault charges to powerful men? 1
Republicans and democrats are the same! 1
I too keep wearing my jacket if I feel overheated. 1
We're soft on crime. 1
The President doesn't know what it takes to be president! 1
Yes price controls will bring us to prosperity. 1
Breitbart...the bastion of objective journalism. 1
So a paid shill using social media to promote an agenda? 1
That's going to go over real well in Georgia. 1
Well.... Except refugees. 1
As long as it keeps the right people from voting. 1
and voter discrimination laws totally are not specifically to keep these voters out of the polls. 1
Why would they shill for the candidate they endorsed publicly? 1
Comey better watch out for gym equipment. 1
Thanks 1
CIA = ANTISEMITE BASTARDS 1
Yeah but he paid his dues so it's his turn. 1
Sounds to me like they need less oversight. 1
Yes because no Democrats were talking about income inequality until Sanders came around. 1
I'm sure this spot-on analysis will win you many Black voters. 1
That is the sort of responsible spending America needs 1
CGI 1
I bet you felt the same about the Riots and Looting in Ferguson and Baltimore 1
Amish conspiracy 1
Here you dropped this: 1
Because being an obnoxious asshole is the same thing as being a terrorist. 1
I supported black presidents before it was a thing. 1
low information punctuator 1
Better bomb Mexico just to be safe. 1
everybody knows that Sunn O))) is only OK and Greg Anderson's best band is Goatsnake because it doesn't reference globalists))) 1
Damn papists! 1
Also he's currently being held hostage in a basement somewhere by Huma Abedin. 1
That's the democratic spirit! 1
CNNs focus groups must have been linked to reddit to 1
I think they forgot they 1
racist 1
He's saving the Trump steaks to give to the Prime Minister of India. 1
He is right because Afghanistan was never politicized by the left wing media.... 1
Oh you right wing smearfish conspiracy theorist you 1
Oh my god we are seconds away from Obama and the city of Hamtramck ushering in Sharia Law. 1
/not that 1
Didn't he renounce his US citizenship when he went off to live in a kibutz? 1
Forgot this 1
yeah but that's all pandering 1
Because she is the head of the DEMOCRATIC party of course! 1
But correlation != causation! 1
Yeah I bet CNN will cover every minute of it 1
Never seen a politician do that before. 1
Yeah you probably pray to win the lottery 1
Oh no! 1
People that were going to stay in a luxury hotel are just going to sleep on the streets now or avoid going to DC altogher. 1
Illegals can't vote. 1
Please tell me you dropped your 1
ITT: Hate for the free speech of corporate persons. 1
We'll probably be greeted as liberators. 1
Maybe they weren't up to his standard 1
Typical CEO of some random company endorses the establishment candidate 1
Well as a gay man you are obviously biased by the devil and your words cannot be trusted 1
Then I guess that information doesn't exist anywhere. 1
You dropped this: 1
Lol I thought the election could never be hacked obama 1
"""Resisting arrest"" - Hillary should pounce on this and show the film in her super-pac ads." 1
You're all sexist for not supporting the candidate with a vagina. 1
Like Vince Foster right? 1
Color me surprised. 1
Color me surprised... 1
The US government gave up on laissez faire capitalism in the 1950s it's been going great since then 1
I thought they were only worth 1 billion? 1
She's obviously held to a different standard because she's a woman... 1
This sounds totally appropriate and feasible. 1
I can't wait for another socialist revolution 1
Police are known to hate Trump 1
That's a big part of why I like him 1
Yes but you would never disgrace yourself by USING it 1
Someone has to run the scanner.... 1
But they're the job creators! 1
I think Pat Roberts ought to attack them for handing out the tools of abortion. 1
AND LESS FREEDOM. 1
"Wait... By ""literature"" you didn't mean ""Wikipedia articles""?" 1
I dunno... Can we see her long form birth certificate to be sure? 1
But unions are bad for 'Murrica! 1
Now *that's* how you create jobs! 1
But you are really doing that to feel good about yourself or to able to take the moral high ground. 1
So should we not provide any gear? 1
Yeah omg she's so indicted. 1
Someone has got to get these HillaryBros under control 1
Just take a moment and remember that the writer is a liberal arts major and in most states not legally liable for his actions due to his IQ or lack there of. 1
Yeah a bunch of people shooting guns in a club would have saved lives 1
Yea ok 1
Thanks Reagan 1
He who smelt it... 1
TIL being 68 isn't old and being on blood thinners for the rest of your life due to cranial blood clots is perfectly healthy 1
Hey he was asking for it dressed like that 1
I cannot wait for the next Christian terrorist to make news so we can start doing what he suggests. 1
But at least I have my freedom 1
Guess we add NBC News to that list of fake news sites now. 1
Aren't hypothetical worst-case scenarios fun? 1
Omg! 1
Yeah he should of been a man and fractured the party to ensure a Trump win. 1
BUT THEY AREN'T MSM SO THEY MUST BE TRUE 1
I'm sure the Republicans are willing to have a tax increase for programs to help these special needs people who need help though. 1
Spitefully holding onto ridiculous grudges is the kind of quality America looks for in a President. 1
That means Trump is better and he's gonna win! 1
I'm sure the Secret Service is *delighted* by this election. 1
THATS WHY IM VOTING FOR BERNIE 1
I love it when a link re sizes my browser window. 1
If Americans don't like full-time wages paying so low they need to be subsidized then they should work harder 1
Yea okay 1
yeah but clinton's personal ambitions are far more important than national security 1
Obama signed indefinite detention into law... But at least he did so with reservations..well.. That's ok then right? 1
Who the FUCK are you to tell other people what does and does not make a difference? 1
Forward! 1
That was unpredictable. 1
Don't you mean Kenya? 1
Oh yeah I forgot it was posted and in the top three on the front page yesterday and earlier today. 1
"And clearly ""rude gestures by some sailors"" and ""spying on a country"" are on the same level" 1
*deserve 1
I guess I needed the 1
That makes him smart! 1
dude it's only an inquiry come on 1
Yes indeed--very thrifty! 1
"""As long as they're christian""" 1
Get out of here with your Keynesian ideas 1
It does show how mean and unreasonable liberals are. 1
Climate change isnt real.... Putin is. 1
Fingers crossed for 75% 1
Only commies work that hard 1
But he doesn't support down ballot candidates! 1
Well that's useful. 1
cause his constituents are upset that Taxes are too damn high 1
Because what comes out of her mouth can definitely be trusted 1
I was probably being a sexist Bernie bro. 1
4D chess 1
Yeah Sweden sounds like a nightmare. 1
But at least he's not a politician! 1
He's going to pull his musket out of storage and threaten insurrection. 1
PARTY OF SMALL GOVERNMENT 1
Yea cause models are my go to source about presidential candidate information. 1
Come on god I keep praying to you to remove the Palin family from the evils of this earth and still you do nothing. 1
This is really adding a lot to the political discussion here. 1
Yeah fuck the Dallas Mavericks and their championship winning team! 1
But legalized weed! 1
Just her opinions 1
because democrats never do that. 1
I have it on good authority that everything you said was a separate false flag operation. 1
But remember guys Obama is the anti Christ because he takes the occasional vacation and goes golfing.... 1
I dropped the 1
But we all know if we pull together Ron Paul will win! 1
You forgot your 1
All the things that are destroying America! 1
Now that sounds like a cogent well thought out argument that carefully considered nuanced facts 1
This obviously proves both candidates equally bad. 1
Right-wingers aint terrorists- theys patriots! 1
Those ungrateful black people in NYC... 1
Oh wow what a moderate position! 1
Just like my abuela! 1
Yay for editorialized headline. 1
"As my tea party imaginary friends say -- ""Off with his head!""" 1
At least the protesters had diversity! 1
But all Muslims are terrorists remember. 1
Didn't she already do that tho 1
Ooh this oughta shake things up. 1
Ohhh these must be the ones where Hillary ordered ISIS to attack the compound and gave them building layouts and weapons.... 1
She's obviously a bigot against white people because she listens to the concerns of black people. 1
That will help Millennials for sure. 1
Sounds like another soshulist argument for a living wage. 1
So glad my daughter will have this inspiring role model to look up to. 1
To think that Hillary had a plant this deep into his campaign this whole time. 1
The what? 1
What a strange coincidence 1
Do you expect people to actually read the article? 1
That's sexist! 1
I believe that's Article 12 in the constitution. 1
I'm not sure he'll have enough time to do that considering he has to go around to everyone's houses and take their guns away whilst also imposing Sharia law across the country. 1
Cultural appropriation. 1
"Because they are irresponsible ""people"" who endanger our Christian foundation" 1
Hoo boy she is going to lose now 1
COMMUSOCIALIST SCUM! 1
Sounds like the Joad family. 1
Are you sure kids in liberal states aren't just uglier? 1
The NAACP! 1
This poll is clearly biased and/or lacks credibility since its not showing Maryland feeling the Bern. 1
You forgot the fact that she ate their grandchildren alive 1
Yeah because American Jews are such a fucking monolith 1
And it has nothing to do with the outright political obstruction at the federal and state level. 1
I'm sure it's just CTR paying off the lot of them. 1
This kind of talk should get more people voting democrat 1
"Concrete evidence they are ""fair and balanced""" 1
How dare you attack a fine American patriot like that? 1
This guy is a racist 1
Whatever would make you think that would happen? 1
Surely this will derail his campaign. 1
The law has a well known liberal bias. 1
"Gee... Now THERE""S a surprise!" 1
No he should get paid the least for doing the shittiest kind of work just because of his age 1
That takes too long 1
Well sorry for not following the Benghazi hearings that closely. 1
Trying to take their house was a perfectly proportional response. 1
"""viral conservative"" definitely a legit source!" 1
THAT'S ANTI-SEMETIC! 1
All hail the mighty Koch brothers 1
I guess she will have to blow an intern in the oval office to take their mind off it. 1
It's about ~~ethics in gaming journalism~~ economic anxiety. 1
because people have died over those ideas 1
I'll seriously consider withdrawing my support of him if it turns out he never even stabbed that dude. 1
the LAST thing we need the donald's supporters is have anything triggered 1
Who is this guy? 1
Oh yah forgot 1
Because she's a woman in a system dominated by men obviously. 1
You forgot this 1
You dropped the 1
Surely a coincidence. 1
Me too.. I should have added 1
Clearly you're an expert. 1
Well yeah but hope they don't mind the death panels 1
Trump will show us the truth about the world being flat 1
The libural thought police is at it again! 1
based off your response im sure you are informed on Sanders 1
But how can a socialist/marxist program lead to greater capitalism? 1
Right on the money 1
"Shut up and take it like a good law abiding ""free"" citizen" 1
Is Hawaii a state yet? 1
Shocking 1
Long live the Queen! 1
Trump surrounds himself with the best people! 1
But he can if he rewrites the constitution! 1
It was just a prank bruh 1
Their point is to make sure America knows they're racist. 1
In a free market this would never ever have happened. 1
No no no it is those sellout Democrats who are just not as good as us r/politics denizens at heart! 1
Cause Muslims 1
Because communists want to poison our precious bodily fluids. 1
The people who illegally video taped the police you mean? 1
The party of personal responsibility strikes again. 1
That is always an unexpected off budget expense. 1
Because everyone knows black parents have hypnotic control over their children 1
She apologized so we can forget about what she said... 1
And every American will have to give their first-born daughter to the Iranian ayatollahs. 1
Wow 2.9% wow that's explosive 1
Most transparent candidate in history! 1
those millions of dollars in her personal account are a left wing conspiracy 1
It was all his rhetoric man! 1
Just like how the people pointing guns at BLM officials during the last Bundy standoff were arrested and tried! 1
But he has the *best* words. 1
Optimist. 1
I'm sure they'll get one those jobs the Mexicans are taking away from them of trump gets elected. 1
Yeah reddit is really slow to criticize Republicans for racism. 1
There are already too many Cubans running for pres. 1
So Trump plagiarized this guy? 1
McConnell is probably a socialist and a secret muslim. 1
Didn't see that coming 1
What a productive use of transition time! 1
That's exactly why we should close the border to all Christians. 1
Guys.... The title is 1
But can't decide which? 1
Apparently he is an expert on comatose women though. 1
Glad to hear from our economy expert over here that it would cause a global depression 1
Marijuana is far worse than heroin because it makes black people rape white women. 1
"I'm sure Donald ""Grab 'em by the Pussy"" Trump suing his accusers will go over well with female voters." 1
Because they have Jesus in their hearts. 1
Yeah because we need fewer people in the political arena speaking out about the destruction of the middle class. 1
"Yeah we should all just sit back and nod our heads when the people responsible for PATRIOT say ""trust us"" on new laws like this." 1
I think you forgot this; 1
The system works! 1
Inaction is so much better at fixing things. 1
Because they sure did well by cozying up to the Republicans. 1
That would have been helpful. 1
So you're saying there's a chance 1
Good argument. 1
I'm throwing cake out my window 1
A sick weed addict. 1
Better get it to the top 1
"""corporate greed"" is the ONLY answer to this." 1
"Fox had to fight the ""death panels"" because they would have lost half their audience." 1
But this means less money at the top which means you want to TAKE money from the person who created that business! 1
Like Goldwater is? 1
Yeah it looks like he did. 1
But both parties are the saaaaaame. 1
"Most ""*transparent*"" administration in history." 1
But thinking *hard* 1
Hey this expert up here thinks he's better than us because he's know what the nuclear triad is. 1
Because taxation is STEALING guise! 1
Yet another reason all those burdensome 'regulations' just get in the way! 1
remote control...hundreds of channels... what's the problem? 1
Says who? 1
Like sooooo yesterday 1
if that isnt a rallying cry then i dont know what is 1
All part of her 'smart' power structure. 1
It's okay because he asked Jesus to forgive him. 1
Glad somebody's there to correct the record... 1
Well they don't have to compromise because they're right 1
Didn't you know it was that patronizing tone that angered non-college white males into voting for him. 1
She has evolved 1
Because killing unarmed civilians with a pistol is too much of a hassle. 1
BENGHAZI 1
Judge Judy would be better 1
Because Hamas is such a legitimate threat to Israel. 1
You mean exclusive black fountains that the liberals took away from them! 1
A complete unreasonable request. 1
Anything Trump said before January 20th doesn't matter 1
I own a plumbing business and if businesses start making only one restroom instead of two I will be out of a lot of business. 1
But it costs money. 1
You forgot the 1
Won't the capitalism fairies sprinkle profit dust on them since all government is wasteful? 1
It didn't seem to hurt Obama. 1
This is all because Trump is running for president IIRC 1
noooo waaaaaay 1
That's because everyone knows that we only torture bad guys 1
How did Clinton put them up to this? 1
I'm in Sioux Falls and wish I could say the same but unfortunately we have a 1 to 1 ratio of civilians to cops 1
Maybe we all just need to reach for those bootstraps.. 1
But Catholics aren't Christians! 1
Yeah hes so proud. 1
Fucking FDR 1
he is obviously the anti-christ 1
Oh that's a *great* idea. 1
And Al Gore's fat! 1
But reddit is the internet 1
Yeah what's the point of even trying anything 1
"We call them 'terrorist larvae"" so it's ok" 1
Welcome to the Tea Party! 1
Not while there are people with Crohn's disease using pot as medicine to imprison! 1
I can't stand people who make mistakes! 1
"Then obviously the thousands of suppressed votes will ""offset"" those 10." 1
Didn't see that coming 1
Because science has a well established liberal bias. 1
You mom obviously makes too much. 1
Very wise to assume one political party can solve all of our problems 1
Well what's the point of even having guns if you never get a chance to use them? 1
It's unpossible for blm to be racist because of what they stand for 1
BUT DONT YOU KNOW CLINTON IS A LIZARD PERSON ANTICHRIST WHOSE DELETION OF EMAILS MAKES HER LITERALLY HITLER STALIN MUSSOLINI AND A GIANT BLACK WIDOW WHO WILL EAT YOUR BABIES THIS IS DIRECT EVIDENCE SHE IS PURE EVIL INCARNATE WHO NEEDS TO BE PURGED WE CANT ALLOW HER TO CONTINUE BECAUSE SHE DELETED SOME EMAILS AND A RANDOM INTERNET PERSON ASKED HOW TO HIDE WHO SENT SOME EMAILS 1
I thought the big arguments that the pro-legalize movement liked to make was that MJ wasn't addictive. 1
You missed the 1
You forgot your 1
Just like with Starbucks a ton of the Merry Christmas people are crazy almost like their trying to force religion on you or something...... 1
Good to know that profits come before health 1
That's because unions=communism. 1
I believe Trump is good on sexism :) 1
But we must do *something*! 1
Just making America great again! 1
With the help of Ted Cruz the South will rise again! 1
But I thought all gun owners were uneducated hicks? 1
I know I wave my arms around like that when I am 'not shouting' 1
But we don't agree with their speech so they're literally Hitler 1
But let's get back to those intolerant Christians. 1
When you're a celebrity you can do anything to these women. 1
good one. 1
That will show their competence in governance. 1
I am reading that with the 1
Think of how much money could have been saved if they had only made a run to McDonalds for state dinners with visiting heads of state. 1
"Because ""them people just need to pull themselves up by their boot straps and stop being poor""" 1
What a true patriot who stands up for what they believe in! 1
those feels when you can only afford a white robe and hood. 1
I live in the southern hemisphere and the data I see from the same time period clearly shows dramatic global warming. 1
"Those ""the system is rigged"" attacks are so clever though" 1
You mean they don't go there just for the awesome wings? 1
FDR was such a Communist. 1
how dare you have common sense on reddit! 1
So Trump's you're Dad? 1
We should just let the mob run the numbers like the old days. 1
You forgot the 1
"But they ""won"" Iowa and NH is next to Vermont.. and they're about to be saved by the Hispanic and African-American voters.. Why fire people on the verge of their triumph?" 1
You forgot 1
What is it with Texas and putting the mentally handicapped into the governorship? 1
Fixing it would ruin all the hard work the Republicans have done 1
That sounds fair. 1
Yes please more deficit spending 1
But facts are biased towards liberals. 1
Are there really? 1
Clearly you were indoctrinated by learning things from outside the cult. 1
I'm sure THIS will finally be the one that does it. 1
Maybe he'll call it something crazy like the Affordable Care Act. 1
At least he tells it like it is! 1
But trade unions r lazy and evil hurr durr Murka numma wan babeh 1
You should still kneel at Hillary's heels because Donald is worse! 1
that's the uh... *best* kind right? 1
you forgot the 1
Betcha I know what they are gonna serve.... 1
Thats why Obama would endorse 1
North Carolina is best Carolina. 1
Obviously it means both parties are exactly the same. 1
Obviously this was a false flag operation aimed at defaming trump supporters. 1
And let's not forget that we need to investigate why Obama wasn't in the Oval Office on 9/11. 1
Yea but certainly we wouldn't allow investigators to write their own warrants. 1
the first female president 1
No they are persons when it will benefit them all the other stuff does not apply because that would be silly. 1
That depends on the NFL schedule 1
Certainly not a rinky dinky socialist from Vermont. 1
Haha oh yeah because Bernie totally hasn't done anything for veterans 1
Yeah I'm sure he'd hate to know his story inspired millions to oppose the bigotry he fought against. 1
Because having more money than the other guy means you can make lies true 1
Mexicans aren't a race so Trump isn't racist! 1
Go Giants! 1
You know there is something going on. 1
Silence infidel 1
But he said none of those are reasons to oppose gay marriage so your argument is invalid 1
"Good to see the ""*don't* audit the FED"" crowd is still around." 1
Yea but I deserve more. 1
it makes sense since soros maniacally rigged all the voting machines the night before the election. 1
Don't you guys know he's a goober like kasich? 1
Because trump totally does not condone violence... 1
Make NYC the capital again. 1
Not Hitler? 1
Bus she's such a champion for women and little girls everywhere! 1
I'm waiting to hear what Chachi has to say... 1
The toxic chemicals *couldn't possibly* leak through the pipe and travel along the bore hole and contaminate drinking water. 1
Amazing what happens when you force people to buy overpriced healthcare with non-negotiable prices! 1
But Europe is bankrupt! 1
Maybe his position evolved like Hillary's LGBT stance did a couple years back... 1
Whats wrong with that? 1
So which one is decided by what I like people to suck on? 1
But Clinton is the crooked one. 1
Obviously it's lost revenue 1
Must've been before the millions of illegals started voting. 1
But only because the Clintons have RIGGED THE VOTING MACHINES 1
RIP And my axe! 1
And taxes are literally armed robbery! 1
They had a personal opinion and a personal set of facts to back up that opinion. 1
Ron Paul Blackout! 1
So that Hillary could duh 1
Good to know that I live in the best state in the country. 1
we need israel to be in the middle east to rebuild the third temple and set off the rapture 1
What more can you expect of 'our best and brightest'? 1
But we have Citizens United! 1
Oh man we lost so many jobs because of NAFTA 1
Stop bragging about your Universal Healthcare or we will bomb you. 1
Is that what those FEMA camps are for? 1
But the profits just aren't there these days. 1
You forgot the 1
You forgot your 1
She's just another victim... *of Liberty Counsel*. 1
you mean bailing out the banks wasn't suppose to help main street? 1
Yeah not only is it making them do something they dont want to but its getting rid of their right to free speech! 1
Stay classy pastor 1
Obama 2016! 1
but it's not an endorsement and bernie is still in the race 1
lul but the 90% statistic isn't real bc i say so go cry 1
That didn't stop Obama ! 1
Its a conspiracy I tell you! 1
I'm sure the Republicans would care so much if Melania was walking around in the nude all the time... 1
"""But India grows at 6%!""" 1
Hillary is so good at murdering it's a wonder that these women are still around. 1
Maybe you will get lucky and Trump will deport you. 1
Oooh... wow.... big loss..... 1
Women's rights! 1
But just look how impartial and fact based the above response was! 1
You dropped this: 1
But when do you have time to go be all promiscuous? 1
And slaves were only whipped because they deserved it. 1
Probably some poison and vaccines that cause massive pneumonia so he can get out of prison. 1
When was the last time a poor person hired someone? 1
Is this Larry's Wilmore's new show? 1
The obvious response to that situation is to discharge your weapon while hitting some kid in the face. 1
WAKE UP SHEEPLE 1
All trans people have are straight 1
But WV is his base! 1
they're just trying to deal with the riggers 1
Nothing like throwing the former commander in chief under the bus to really improve my feelings about either of them 1
"""Being violent to fascists makes you a fascist""" 1
Yea....Monica was definitely the first 1
Because we totally needed another reason to hate US Telecom companies. 1
I hate it when governmental checks and balances work as designed. 1
Yes because Internment Camps during a war are exactly the same as the minimum wage. 1
breitbart 1
No second amendment right to protect them damn crazies.... Fondling my gun at night and dry firing it at passerby's is perfectly and within my rights 1
Racist! 1
But I thought the GOP was the party of less government regulation? 1
But all liberals are the same! 1
Cosby doesn't have white privilege 1
You forgot the 1
Communism ! 1
pjmedia pushing for a law that forbids gun purchase by anyone not white. 1
There you go with that nanny-state talk. 1
Just remember...President Obama is only nominating someone as a political stunt and has absolutely nothing to do with governing the country. 1
I'm sure Hillary really misses her. 1
But free markets! 1
The GOP supermajority in Alabama had nothing to do with it. 1
America has always had the best Congress money can buy. 1
Trumpet with Russian name proves lie-berals wrong yet again! 1
Yeah they are going to vote for honest Hillary 1
Wake up sheeple 1
"Well I wouldn't really be calling their staff ""a bunch of tools""" 1
He's a fascist in training? 1
sorry... 1
No but I'd like a brochure. 1
It will (obviously) mean that the Iowa vote was bought 1
I wonder what his speech will be like when he's re-elected. 1
I am sure she was planning on paying it herself...she just wants that to be a secret as well. 1
Because that worked so well last time. 1
"Well now that the Republicans control everything and they hate the ""mainstream"" media for all thier lies I'm sure they will handle it." 1
Great photo op for the GOP minority outreach program. 1
Better dead than red. 1
Yes we are so we better elect a brash authoritarian leader to expel a minority religon and start a war with Iran. 1
Did you forget the 1
I guess the other third is in favor of unfettered military spending without offsets. 1
Did someone explain to M Brownshirt what FEMA stands for and what they are supposed to do yet? 1
bigot! 1
Only because Obama made it that way! 1
But think of the employers! 1
Thanks president elect Trump. 1
Those damn democrats and their obstructionist policies. 1
I thought she was perfectly healthy and questioning it made you a conspiracy theorist like Alex Jones. 1
So Qualified! 1
- GOP has millions of women and minorities: doesn't count - HuffPo pic was all female with 1 or 2 Asians: diverse At least you are being objective and fair in your decision making 1
Bend the knee you sexist Bernie Bros! 1
That's just racist! 1
"You clearly seem to have forgotten how the constitution was built on christian values and the whole ""one nation under god"" and swearing on the bible etc." 1
It's the deep south... south Mexico. 1
Don't forget Sarah Palin and Carly Fiorina! 1
Nice game player. 1
Obama vaguely spoke ill of the chosen one...he must be a Republican...BURN HIM! 1
Poor people aren't really people anyway! 1
I'm sure he knows what is best. 1
Because unions will totally go for someone who claims American wages are too high 1
BUT IT'S TOMATO KETCHUP 1
That's Commie talk! 1
"Not like he can call up Fox News to release policy when they're part of the ""lying media""." 1
60 votes to repeal obamacare is a great use of our tax dollars. 1
Implied 1
Well now that I know that I'ma go rape me some 3-year-olds because the sentence doesn't deter me 1
I hate civilization too! 1
Having shootouts in night clubs is preferable to having basic gun laws 1
Yeah.....I can see the difference. 1
You dropped this 1
but but... Brady destroyed his phone. 1
He's been bought out by Shillary! 1
Your forgot the 1
And abortifactants like IUDs 1
I'm sure that impeachment process will go real far. 1
[Here you go](http://www.foxnews.com) 1
Because everybody knows the republicans are all angels. 1
You dropped your 1
We all need government issued drones. 1
Everyone knows you can't be religious and a good leader at the same time 1
Yeah but kids are exposed more often to diaper cream than weed therefore weed is still unacceptably unsafe. 1
Forgot your 1
That makes me feel so much safer! 1
Yep cause America's obviously only for white people. 1
Japanese are honorary Aryans. 1
But then people can silently kill others like In Goldeneye! 1
Damn commie came up with the idea of the separation of church and state. 1
Because there is so much data on armed teachers? 1
Who are you to impose *your* values on other people? 1
He must be the first to do that! 1
Keep the Republic Republican 1
Any opinion other than the left's is obviously wrong and bigoted and corrupt 1
Hunt with your bare hands or else you are a pussy. 1
"I'm sure this is what ""rule of law"" was supposed to mean." 1
No man if you don't like it you can GIT OUUUU 1
It's a poor excuse to pick a mans pockets every 25th of December! 1
Oddly stylish for a 19th century old white politician. 1
I believe her. 1
You forgot the 1
don't go to a Jose Andres restaurant then 1
I bet him and Obama will hold a joint press conference and resign together! 1
Yeah that black man they ran last time really didn't go well for them 1
lol hahahahahaha good one 1
Great. 1
Yeah but in it's defense the poor are lazy bastards. 1
Apparently a bunch of BernieBros are running rampant from within the Democratic leadership with all this sexism and misogyny of suggesting to replace Hillary Clinton. 1
We should stop with all of the pussyfooting around and take over everyone's shit already. 1
yeah get out of here with your statistically valid polls. 1
Thank God the Geneva Convention has that 16 acts of torture threshold before we need to prosecute. 1
It won't piss the Iraqis off whatsoever! 1
obviously only muslims can be terrorists 1
Right... President Camacho is who we need. 1
I'm sure 13-year-olds are the main customers of most drug dealers. 1
I get all my news from CNN and MSNBC so I'm much more accurately informed than the average redditor. 1
Sounds like someone's correcting the record. 1
theyd build it on the other side of course because they love the god emporer that much 1
This is great because Mississippi is an important state for Democrats in November. 1
That smartphone bill isn't gonna pay itself sonny boy 1
Is this those burdensome regulations that I hear are strangling our economy and thwarting job creators? 1
Well obviously sanders supporters should naturally shift their support the Republicans right? 1
You forgot 1
This seems entirely fact based. 1
Guilty until proven innocent! 1
Anyone who disagrees with Krugman must be irrational and wrong! 1
That just means his price is high! 1
You forgot your 1
This is a game changer 1
That last point was 1
No but don't you realize we can only solve one important problem at a time 1
Yay for anecdotal evidence! 1
What no terrorism charges? 1
all from the blogger herself.......seems legit! 1
Isn't smack part of the problem? 1
Scott Walker is great. 1
BREAKING NEWS: Author types article on electricity guzzling PC built in China under Slave-like conditions while sipping coffee grown on lands stolen from native Amazonian people. 1
Not if Hillary says it isn't 1
Yea he did a great job of uniting Americans and making us feel safe and proud. 1
We must arm the fetuses. 1
Ya passing the Civil Rights act was terrible for black people 1
You have to inflame the sheeple with the appropriate images if you want them to roll over and accept having more freedom taken away. 1
I bet he picked Friends of Hamas to go all the way 1
Sounds like a winning message to take into the 2012 election. 1
I'm sure that his supporters in the midwest are on the edge of their seats waiting for what the Wall Street Journal has to say about this. 1
Like target practice for the americans again 1
Wow so convincing! 1
Look if we start holding our elected officials to the law then where will be be? 1
It was sarcasm broooooo. 1
This is gonna end fantastically for NASA.... 1
No this is the first we are hearing of it. 1
Didn't Abe Lincoln force them all to get real jobs? 1
Yes but also the only true liberal. 1
"The low voter turnout has to be because so many Sanders ballots were ""lost"" right?" 1
Because Obama is pushing his healthcare agenda. 1
It's not his fault that common sense has a liberal bias! 1
you forgot to put 1
Oh but that was the US Supreme Court... 1
Only the ones without the proper forms filed in triplicate. 1
....i know 1
...but evolution of species by natural selection is a satanic lie and vaccines are a conspiracy to poison us all! 1
Time to deregulate oversight. 1
Like all the Jews and Minorities who don't know any better and vote against their best interests? 1
so whats the latest score in this game terrorists vs cops 1
i thought it was kenyan? 1
Now just think of how many jobs that will create 1
I say go for it. 1
Impecable timing Tom. 1
'Merica ! 1
Free crack for all! 1
We should buy some more illegal wars on credit. 1
Because a Libertarian president will be horrible for rich people and big companies 1
I would buy that book... Donald Trump is my hero! 1
It's fine the DNC took money from downtickets during the primary to elect their queen and it totally didn't bite them in ass 1
Democrats need to bring their electors to heel. 1
\#NotAllTerrorists 1
She is essentially a republican 1
It's only significant if it involves a scary assault weapon 1
IT JUST MEANS THAT THE LIBERAL MEDIA IS GETING SCARED. 1
How arrogant for us to think that humans can impact the environment. 1
because illegal voting is a huge problem 1
If they were truly objective news they would just endorse Bernie already. 1
I trust you because you are on the internet and probably an expert scientist. 1
Sikh Muslin. 1
But but but OHIO! 1
Well I didn't see that coming! 1
THIS IS WHY IM VOTING FOR BERNIE 1
Don't you just love plutocracies! 1
Haters! 1
Obviously the solution is too kill all the poor people and turn them into fertilizer for the food of the rich people. 1
But the GOP constituency isn't at all racist. 1
Hospitals should hire more stoned surgeons. 1
What a difficult life 1
You forgot the 1
Well your obviously lying. 1
how else do you get more veterans 1
but alcohol and tobacco aren't drugs! 1
I'm sure many of these loopholes are unintentional 1
You have it confused with Texas. 1
It was just the white noise machines 1
To where....New Jersey? 1
But they're only taking our rights to ensure our freedom! 1
Yea that's basically what he was saying. 1
It's ok because they only kept the metadata! 1
We don't care how it's paid for as long as we don't pay for it. 1
Such is the price of freedom. 1
Yes but the method is only wrong if you disagree with the goal 1
Are you saying that basing your projections off of Google searches isn't a good idea? 1
He is just another butthurt lib... 1
But... But... But... Hope... and Change... and stuff... 1
Don't worry Gary you have people for that! 1
Forgot this: 1
But what if Hillary's right and only white people are hard-working? 1
But WAR helps the economy... 1
Yeah but cops don't smoke weed right? 1
Islamaphonia and building walls is what strong people do! 1
"Subreddit called ""politics"" posting predominately one-sided attacks on a single candidate isn't biased...hmmm...TIL..." 1
You liberals and your need for the governor of a state to be able to spell the state he governs. 1
Because it's easy for anyone of us citizens to control even our own elected officials let alone the rest of the country's 1
No. 1
Anyone who isn't part of the new Politburo is a closet globalist. 1
1 upvote = 3 facebook likes = 12 retweets = 48 real votes 1
Never would have seen thins coming. 1
Liberal media bias 1
You forgot 1
Guys if presidential candidates commit crimes then any american who advises any foreign national to provide information to American law enforcement is committing treason! 1
I thought we were cleared to consider those sites legit now. 1
I'm not a racist! 1
At least prisons have better healthcare than what I'm getting now 1
But remember: Democrats and Republicans are EXACTLY THE SAME. 1
That's because freeloading ain't no joke. 1
I personally love hatefulness and violence! 1
Dropped something.. 1
You forgot 1
but its bad experience 1
But they were saying mean things about Trump so they deserved it! 1
Since Reagan it has been established that the master can order his slaves to vote the way he wants. 1
It's almost as if they just used it as an excuse to scare people and stir up more angst and division amongst the people..... 1
Yeah fuck other peoples opinions... 1
Let's pack it up boys 1
"until 'Precrime"" is completed." 1
Why would anyone distrust a government? 1
its almost like they know how to rig the voting system so dont really need votes 1
I have no idea how I survived so long without a gun. 1
A good leader wouldn't get caught 1
Glad she won that election. 1
That doesn't sound eerily similiar to literacy tests and poll taxes at all 1
But o'bummer dun did it! 1
It's such a big deal that he said that. 1
'conservativeintel' seems like a legit source! 1
The Luddites were right all along! 1
Clearly you're a bigoted racist white supremacist nazi 1
Kill all who disagree! 1
Oh OP; don't you know it's only welfare when poor urban blacks do it. 1
But it's not possible to be racist to white men 1
Crime is down so in order to stay relevant the police have decided to declare war on us! 1
Yeah I agree soldiers are just nancy boys and we're definitely tougher than them 1
The arsenic was added to counter-balance the growth hormones and antibiotics. 1
Maybe she can get Trump to change his tone? 1
clearly she talked about bin laden! 1
I know aren't risotto recipes and campaigns planning for the future not bigger stories than a candidate's supporters making people so afraid they are fleeing the country! 1
Especially the 13th and 19th. 1
I thought they agreed 97% of the time? 1
We can pay for it if we cut taxes. 1
he does trust the jews for his money 1
Yea Im sure Bill and Hillary worked on their marriage and Bill never cheated after that *one* incidence. 1
Because that made no difference for Obama...Got it. 1
How am I supposed to make money off of my Exxon stock if we start using renewables? 1
Bc it's election year and we can do something about it now! 1
They were planning on moving there anyway 1
Yay for creating jobs 1
What a maverick 1
They must have been allowed to see Romney's tax returns. 1
shocker! 1
Well duh! 1
Something something Hillary something something WWIII why do you like cold war something something MAGA 1
Typical liberal listening to your _progressive_ rock with a Jewish lead singer 1
That was the most well kept secret in the world. 1
What does ignorant mean? 1
I think you forgot to add a 1
But it needs more research! 1
Yeah dude your grandpa is such a nut for not wanting to support a government bailout 1
Which makes you weak! 1
I get pussy pretty often thanks to my vote for Hillary! 1
You mean you don't? 1
Our hero! 1
I thought that's what Jade Helm 15 was all about. 1
because the libtards weakened it and the terrorists don't respect us. 1
Wow can you quit being a sexist Bernie Bro and check your privilege? 1
Please tell me what other requirements there are to your rubric so that I can go investigate and send you my research. 1
something like that ;) 1
At least the two most recent additions to the court aren't rabid activists. 1
That makes sense 1
Obligatory 1
You would make a great group team member. 1
clearly a paid shill 1
Can we pass a law requiring congress to actually read the law they are trying to pass? 1
Because that would be socialism and everyone knows that socialism is bad no matter what. 1
Now don't be stupid and vote for hrc and the people she surrounds herself if she wins the nomination. 1
Im sure income inequality is a leading indicator as opposed to a trailing effect .... 1
Jeb Bush winning over Millennials one gaff at a time. 1
I bet they're shaking in their boots and won't dare break the law again! 1
I'm sure that defunding NPR and Planned Parenthood should take care of all of that. 1
Beheadings next? 1
I heard a lot of sniffling. 1
Republicans are the devil and want to kill everyone who isn't a Christian white male amirite ? 1
That's because your guy sucks but my guy is awesome 1
but but but all Muslims have weird brown people names! 1
Another example of how brilliant our corporate tax laws are. 1
I trust Paul Ryan. 1
no no she came here illegally we have to deport her 1
Maybe they chose to endorse him because they admire his economic policies. 1
You mean like that General who took part in the War of Northern Aggression? 1
....right.... 1
Maybe they will cancel each other out and the internet will remain how it is 1
Time to bend the knee everyone! 1
Pretty clear that this was voter suppression by the AP calling the race for Hillary last week! 1
A vote for Stein is a vote for Trump though 1
Because *real* Bernie supporters' votes count for more than those pesky *imaginary* Bernie supporters who don't know anything! 1
Yes the dems never approve of war and old people spending 1
i'm sure you've never worked for a company that wasn't 100% ethical 1
This is why I love living in Tampa. 1
I'm shocked I tell you! 1
Because that would get in the way of profits. 1
Well thats just being a good Christian. 1
Sounds like a great marriage. 1
You are supposed to eat at McDonalds. 1
Because minimum wage jobs are supposed to be only for high-school kids and former stay-at-home moms looking for some extra spending money 1
But Hillary and her mean insult driven campaign! 1
Clinton should have just cowered to them and let them take her microphone 1
And no one has EVER squandered a double digit lead before... 1
You guys have no respect for a woman who landed under sniper fire. 1
But don't you understand... those farmers have more at stake because they own more land 1
Sieg Heil 1
Obviously this man was paid by Hillary supporters to make Trump look bad. 1
Makes sense since 94% of the population of Maine is non-Hispanic White. 1
Kaine/Cuomo 2020 1
Can't wait for Trump to nuke drop it hard. 1
you failed to add the 1
Guys... Guys I know the answer... Lets... double down on our policy and inject tons of money into our failed program! 1
Why didn't Kathleen Kane just ask her husband to meet with Attorney General Loretta Lynch to talk about grandchildren and golf? 1
Who is Martin O'Malley? 1
Yes the race is more important than the relief effort 1
I'm sure wikileaks would publish them to get the truth out 1
Canada. 1
But if a male candidate used a finger jab you wouldn't even notice. 1
Gotta teach the controversy. 1
til 81% of americans are rabid anti-semites 1
It's gods will 1
I'm not a Hillary supporter but... Bernie has been behaving disgustingly and needs to drop out now! 1
Keep fighting the good fight 1
gerrymandering 1
Because why should the most populated and biggest economy states dictate the fate of the country 1
Yeah clearly all the news comes out because of this one example 1
Off to a great start! 1
Helping your fellow man is great and all but gays are icky. 1
But voting 3rd party is voting for trump! 1
But we are a Christian nation and they are Gods chosen people it is our responsibility to blindly support them in their religious terrorism 1
clearly you don't care.... 1
It's a vast right-wing conspiracy 1
Projection isn't even a real thing 1
You dropped your 1
Why wouldn't everyone want the nice G-men to have access to all their personal info? 1
Racism is okay against white people because reasons. 1
"Snowden should definitely ""man up"" and submit himself to the graces of this totally reliable and proud justice system." 1
I especially like the respect he shows for women. 1
Don't forget the ignorant Republitards would see the error of their ways and vote in an entire democratic ticket so that Bernie would have total and supreme power! 1
He's white and wealthy? 1
SO the ACLU is pro terrorist? 1
extremely high salaries for top management are obviously healthcare costs because the corresponding high quality of managerial expertise benefits the whole industry. 1
You just don't understand statistics! 1
Because believing that people have a right to be treated when they're sick without going bankrupt is the same as a kid promising longer recess 1
Because of course illegal aliens are in state residents and deserve it. 1
CTR AMIRITE? 1
Yeah man. 1
They are voting to destroy Christianity! 1
"We need to close the ""due process loophole""" 1
I think you forgot 1
Except same sex marriage because that clearly is more damaging to society as a whole. 1
Censorship is so patriotic and conservative. 1
I guess I'll add the 1
But how does being first lady qualify you for the presidency? 1
Found the republican. 1
With such a well reasoned and thought out response you have not only changes my mind in this issue you have also made me now an avid trump supporter 1
Well that changes everything 1
Because the johns certainly are ok with the kids being in the audience. 1
Trump is so sexist nominating a female vice president 1
I think he is trying to re-assert himself as the first black president. 1
Just another example of Obama's respect for the rule of law. 1
Why do you hate religion? 1
Racists are not usually afraid of saying things. 1
So just pay a subscription fee to a private company that tracks these things. 1
You forgot the 1
Nothing more than a mere coincidence. 1
You forgot the 1
"""But... but he only talked about illegal immigrants.""" 1
dEy dint ned skol am edumikason? 1
seems legit 1
Nuance is a liberal conspiracy 1
Yeah I forgot the 1
No but somehow racists opinions are worth considering before making policy change now 1
Don't forget that Bernie Sanders wanted to destroy the ACA. 1
Don't forget your 1
wow this is totally news and not an advertisement! 1
Just think of all the jobs he will create with that tax break. 1
Literally the worst liar and criminal ever 1
Please tell me you forgot the 1
But... But... Make america great again? 1
Yes because there's never been interdepartmental leaks in the government 1
Just staring at Putin's glorious bald head is payment enough 1
thats definitely the kind of leadership we want in our next President! 1
oh jeeze this is as shocking as it will be when trump beats hillary. 1
why are you assuming all latinos are drug smuglers ? 1
London cops don't have guns so you need more of them to compensate 1
Yeah that'll get passed by Congress for sure. 1
This is why we need to build a wall! 1
More subsidized medicine for dead-beats here comes that crazy liberal Christie! 1
"But you sir at SO different and that shines through in your loving and compasionate response to their ""hate""ful ways." 1
Heard there are more Trump yards signs too! 1
Obviously fake news. 1
As if receiving $153 million from special interests would have any impact on your decisions. 1
Well *I'M* conviced 1
You're probably just a ctr troll because you're saying something I don't agree with 1
I forgot 1
Obviously this was all the work of Putin. 1
What about Benghazi? 1
This is why filming needs to be made illegal. 1
The US has no history of frontier/wilderness survival. 1
Right... because Reagan and Nixon were both stable intellectuals with only the countries best interest at heart... 1
Evidence of state terrorism is totally just like your porn collection! 1
you forgot the 1
"""I swear this burger will be flipped to best of my ability""" 1
sounds like a logical plan 1
"...and how dare he appoint ""czars""!" 1
Hillary Clinton went on to praise George Wallace for his civil rights record and Andrew Jackson for promoting peace between white men and Native Americans. 1
As long as we can keep the black males in for non-violent drugs crimes. 1
That's because 81% of Americans are Anti-Semitic Neo Nazis. 1
So he's not a *real* Democrat? 1
Here's hoping he wants to replace it with single-payer. 1
but then the fraking companies will leave and PA will lose all those jobs and generated income for the locals. 1
Never trust anyone who wears wooden shoes! 1
You forgot the 1
Jacob the plumber would have had a better ring to it. 1
"You misspelled ""MSM bias.""" 1
Good points 1
I guess a little late but 1
You're missing the 1
Because wearing skulls and using them as symbols originated with nazis right? 1
But he was just saying that to rile people up; he didn't actually believe it. 1
You're sure using a whole lot of empathy in that generalization. 1
*Shaking* 1
Now THIS is theimportant news we need to see 1
Because Guns and Ammo is produced by an old guy cranking out the magazine by hand 1
Land of the free. 1
But it's okay as someone in the Justice Department thought it was all legal so who cares. 1
But at least they're not Muslim! 1
All Christians need to say they don't agree with this man! 1
You forgot the 1
I thought Watergate was about the Flint water scandal. 1
You should sue the popcorn manufacturers. 1
0.5% Tackling that will certainly stop the US from being the #1 country terms of health care costs. 1
I really like her support for homeopathic 'medicine' 1
He has a Nobel Peace Prize show some respect 1
Well as long as reasonable people are in charge. 1
Is it because he's black? 1
Which is why we're on the metric system! 1
Great job Brown out. 1
Yes because Mondale would have made all the difference. 1
But nobody gives a fuck about the Green Party 1
Because as we all know being a democrat instantly makes you a more successful politician 1
Perfect logic here. 1
Yeah but we are Murica and we pull ourselves up from out boot straps and put our kids in daycare when they are 3 weeks old so we can git back ta werk. 1
Making it illegal for people to work if their labor is worth less than $10 sounds like a great idea to help the poorest in our society. 1
Gotta love the Birthers 1
But they work soooo much harder than the rest of us! 1
Is that a city in Kenya? 1
You forgot the 1
Thank goodness police are helping re-import surplus! 1
What polls? 1
Yup that's all he has to show 1
If you read the article you may note that they are a 50% income tax on children ages 3-12. 1
Are least they are getting drugs off the street. 1
BUT TRUMP SAID HE WAS GONNA MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 1
Someone who knows he's going to die anyway must be horribly frightened of death. 1
I'm sure the writer actually meant because she is a woman and there is rampant misogyny in the US. 1
I heard she sleeps in an iron lung! 1
But that makes them smart 1
Yes because Sanders invented the platform. 1
I heard he's sick 1
I'm guessing it's because he caused Sandy Hook 1
If only the killer would have told us what the motive is... Guess we'll never know =( 1
Can't I just work and pay taxes and hope someone spends my money in the correct way? 1
I demand an apology to all those poor Nazis! 1
Look into those dead eyes and rejoice that the Zombie Apocalypse is nearly upon us! 1
luckily it has nothing to do with Global Warming 1
What a bunch of racists. 1
It's like when Kenya intervened in the election to make Obama president. 1
What a tremendously well-written and unbiased article. 1
Thank you right-wing SJW for your brave efforts to to stave off the dogma from the left. 1
Oh you with your facts... 1
This looks like an even better personal blog; one that masquerades as a commercial publication. 1
"Quote from Judge ""We can't have informed jurors.""" 1
But imagine how much money we could have saved if we let the free market build the interstates. 1
I can hardly wait for the return of those noontime gun shoot outs! 1
where does the press conference where he releases the proof of all the crimes of the Clinton family fit into that schedule? 1
But its her turn! 1
downvoted because no one cares about veterans families unless they support clinton. 1
Well if Putin himself says they didn't do it I guess it's settled then. 1
Just like all those accountants on reddit who understand taxes soooo well and make an uproar about BP making billions in profits and not paying any taxes... 1
..But...But I got a rise and now I got in a higher tax bracket! 1
I wonder which half. 1
Can't the Fed just print more money? 1
Because it's the cost of giving birth that makes people seek abortion and NOT the massive costs of raising a child or the social responsibility... 1
But the sex is amazing! 1
You're obviously a person with an abundance of brilliance and charm. 1
Trump the businessman apparently doesn't care that much for money. 1
But we need the DEA to perpetuate the war on drugs to justify the DEA! 1
Clearly Mitt Romney is a Trojan Horse candidate who wants to flood America with more illegal Mexicans. 1
But...but that would be socialism and a handout! 1
Yeah I was clearly the anomalous teenage boy who was so overwhelmed by hormones that I would lie to get a look at some naked women. 1
"""Well you see... Bill Clinton had several consensual affairs that spanned 2 decades... I just want to fuck a 10 year old once... he's the real monster""." 1
They need the bads to collect rain water 1
I welcome the day where we stop thinking critically about the content contained inside of articles to determine the legitimacy of the arguments being forwarded. 1
The war on drugs makes perfect sense now 1
you forgot the 1
Democracy. 1
But it's only interviewing 1000 people - there are 100 million voters! 1
Well why don't you go cry about it 1
If the government shuts down certain services the free market will respond by offering a suitable replacement. 1
Slavery was a hoax... Just like the Holocaust. 1
Bernie's proposals pay for themselves! 1
I wonder what would have happened if all the people that approve of him had gotten off their asses and voted 1
But at least it's only the bad and immoral citizens it hurts. 1
stfu sheeple! 1
But #ChickenTrump right? 1
i head the new car vinyl system is going to revolutionize the way we listen to music. 1
Check out this Hillary Shill. 1
Communist! 1
But the past is the past! 1
I'm sure undecided women voters will be very impressed by this. 1
The Native Americans would be proud.... 1
Kids today have it too easy though 1
No by all means let's just let criminals stay here forever and welcome more in! 1
What's that? 1
Do you know if he's hiring? 1
Who needs that Commie-liberal education when you got Jesus on your side? 1
When it's a conservative it totally matters though 1
But surely it must have all been Republican propaganda? 1
As opposed to bernie sanders who's completely rational 1
Rumors are so valuable. 1
I should have added a 1
Glad to see the minority out reach is on fire with the GOP! 1
I hope he's not victimized by the fat cat liberals in the medical field. 1
Yeah the shills invaded amirite 1
Yea believing in American sovereignty what asshole 1
....I think you dropped your 1
Is it really worth giving her a lifetime of flashbacks and trauma? 1
Well we all know that the FBI will just say that they didn't mean to and they can't prove intent anyways ... so move along folks 1
All sources except pro-clinton sources are unreliable sources! 1
But it's black lives that matter you racist white scum! 1
As it should be... 1
Yes - but there were millions of uncounted votes that cost him the popular vote. 1
I'm glad we have you hear to explain what Sanders meant. 1
But both parties are equally as bad! 1
She obviously was obstructing everyone else in the polling location to keep Trump supporters from voting. 1
You forgot to add the 1
My God...Newt Gingrich delivered and he didn't even win the nomination! 1
They should just suck it up. 1
Totally - her actions surrounding Benghazi definitely don't raise any red flags. 1
He could have had her if he really wanted her. 1
Only if it's against Bill 1
I mean if it were a Clinton I'm sure it wouldn't get talked about on reddit or in the news 1
Maybe they should've roughed them up some more. 1
You mean give money to them know it all elitists? 1
Ah man I rooted for Lenin in the apprentice. 1
But I thought the election was rigged! 1
Quick..... Let's all phone bank. 1
But wouldn't you want even better deals? 1
Because raising the minimum wage to $20/hr would result in **zero** loss of employment. 1
Hahahahahahaha 1
You forgot the 1
Talk about an upset 1
For everyone who voted for republicans - don't WORRY - I'm SURE they will find a way to give you special treatment so you won't lose a penny of that money you already paid into SS 1
Buh... but he did so well the last 2 times! 1
Because god said so! 1
spending our way out of recession has been working so well for him. 1
He was with Steve Buscemi 1
Gotta have a race somewhere since the cold war arms race ended. 1
please tell me you forgot the 1
As an Australian - I for one welcome our new Trump overlords 1
Did you just *assume* your own gender? 1
Bragging rights. 1
Get of here you communist! 1
Russians do. 1
My buddy didn't die facedown in the mud for... 1
Another red letter day in the GOP minority outreach program. 1
Secret Muslim. 1
I forgot we're totally having tea time with Putin at 1 o'clock every day. 1
"He would join the NRA and try to be a ""good guy with a gun.""" 1
Yea because that's one area that could use some cost cutting measures to increase profitability. 1
Nah bro he's got killer mike! 1
Jeb can fix it! 1
The only thing covered up is Hillary's emails! 1
Great title 1
Top minds in the Conservative party will know better than money grubbing scientists no doubt. 1
You forgot the 1
Bern it down! 1
Well that's the sort of glowing endorsement Trump needs to turn this dumpster fire around! 1
Curse you LIBERAL MEDIA. 1
Yeah how dare they speak at a political convention those fucking assholes. 1
Let us not forget all those people who are now selling their bodies on the streets because they tried marijuana once and are now addicted to crack cocaine. 1
Just as long as tax payer money isn't used to pay the damages. 1
Lmao so terrible that they wanted someone who didnt want to go to war with them to win 1
See milk and gas prices double or at least something apocalyptic. 1
Because cops never injure/kill innocent people. 1
Of course they forgot to mention the FBI supplied the underwear... 1
You know the rules don't apply to these people. 1
But but but he only started with a small loan of a million bucks from his dad... 1
That's because she wants the government to control everything you eat. 1
Because Governments and people are two entirely different things. 1
I can't believe the FBI is taking part in a crazy right wing conspiracy theory about how easy voting machines are to hack 1
Raised white in Kenya right guys? 1
You forgot your 1
He's not even an American citizen. 1
A *trans* Muslim illegal immigrant from Mexico 1
You forgot your 1
I honestly can't tell if this is 1
Yeah and you're the only organization on the planet that does it! 1
Having our nation's economy held hostage at least twice per year is a great way to create jobs and stimulate the economy! 1
Shut up you communist 1
Education. 1
Yeah I'd love it when my leaders are aggressive with their citizens. 1
You're just being to pc bro 1
Because Hillary is a corporate puppet 1
Dallas Presbyterian nurses are working on that. 1
Yeah i cant think of one thing thats harder for muslims than white people 1
Oh look JohnDelmont is whining about r/politics mods that's unusual. 1
But corporate socialism/free stuff is OK. 1
Score another one for those mean old Russian hackers- I feel so sorry for this Christian woman! 1
Our economy has been at its best when we are at war! 1
So what's really been happening all this time is that Hillary is a secret genius that is pushing for Sanders exposure? 1
But once the construction is done it will create 20 jobs! 1
You mean SOCIALIST nations 1
I'm glad to see that the GOP is talking about the issues that really matter 1
If poor Americans wanted the GOP to fight for them they would become rich like thoses the GOP currently fight for! 1
You could always become management. 1
I am thoroughly disappointed in trump. 1
It's not like 6 corporations own 90% of the media and they happen to be Clinton donors. 1
30 caliber magazine clips capable of firing 30 bullets in half a second 1
"""Quest to kill more people than Stalin"" I think that's been on her dream board since high school." 1
But how can justice be served if there's no profit motive or lobbyists supporting incarceration? 1
Brah... this is reddit. 1
But he earned that money out of his own pocket unlike crooked Hilary 1
It has Hillary written all over it! 1
"You misspelled ""job creators""" 1
The better for the *deplorable* to be harass them with. 1
Wow real con artist 1
But I thought rediit just hated Trump so much. 1
She personally or lchestrated benghazi and then went on to sell us secrets by using her personal emails 1
But all regulations and laws hurt business! 1
Time to include the UK on that travel ban with the Muslims and the refugees? 1
Remember all Muslims are bad! 1
And castrate those that impregnated them! 1
Impeach the sexist. 1
I thought Trump had the support of law enforcement. 1
Wonder why Drudge Report or Breitbart haven't reported on this at all today? 1
It's all fun and games until President Trump nukes whatever taint of a country you live in so you commies stop sending all your rapists. 1
By taxing the rich... duh 1
Oh shit was it a whole family? 1
Things were just peachy in Syria until Putin came in! 1
Everything is so rigged OMG Hillary has more delegates in a state she won omg omg omg 1
Expect for violent video games of course! 1
I bet this has nothing to do with the privatised prison system. 1
Yeah those oldest conservatives are becoming quite revoluting now 1
That damn Commie! 1
So...what you're telling me is that white people are impatient? 1
Winning the presidency isn't enough for a peace prize? 1
WHITE PEOPLEEEEEEEEE! 1
makes me feel so much better about being called 'petulant' by paul krugman for not wanting to unite behind hillary clinton 1
You mean she has a plan to continue Obama's liberal indoctrination of our nation's youth. 1
But government can *print* as much as they want! 1
Solid reasoning 1
We can't have these pesky women canceling out their husbands votes. 1
Yes we can't 1
Yeah the super white majority is growing so rapidly! 1
They should make a law! 1
But democrats and republicans are *literally* the same! 1
Some people choose to become homosexual in medical school. 1
Why do that when trial by public opinion is so much more entertaining! 1
What about Benghazi? 1
Clash with police just like they threw chairs in Nevada 1
How dare you say the lords name in vein! 1
Because companies don't have to pay additional costs imposed by laws. 1
Make America Great (for Whites only) Again! 1
But it's an opinion that I don't agree with. 1
Winning unimportant territories (not states): always a big deal. 1
*Don't they* 1
And she did such a great job in both positions! 1
And that makes our Slavery OK! 1
I'm sure that the case will get to a judge's ruling soon enough to be politically relevant. 1
But you don't get it: If they don't strawman the arguement they can't win. 1
These Republicans that are standing up to him after the 50th thing he said that would've disqualified anyone else are real profiles in courage. 1
Let's go ahead and make it illegal to label GMOs too. 1
Can't you see it's just the tolerant left making sure things didn't get littered? 1
Yeah Hillary isn't known for that. 1
But how can this be with 90% supporting background checks? 1
\#It'sTheLizzardPeople 1
The fact that Obama doesn't have a beard is what proves he's a *secret* muslim. 1
Yes because printing money can't affect the value of it 1
Unlike Hillary were most were voting for her based on educated assumptions and research. 1
Shut up and vote for the woman 1
Trump should auction off a chance for someone to hit him in the face and give the money to himself as charity. 1
But feelings! 1
Plenty of volunteers in places with a stronger guiding hand! 1
Clearly CNN decided to air the footage after the outrage r/politics raised. 1
I'll bet all his deferred salary agreements are completely above board. 1
But what about the secret hand signals Hillary was throwing out? 1
yeah as we know reddit has been donating to Bernie for decades 1
Watergate 1
That's so much more repulsive than exploiting a CIA death for political gains! 1
Let's also disregard the fact that her event was at max capacity and the overflow was pushed into another room where Hillary met with them personally. 1
The astute political mind of Jenner shall convince everyone to vote for trump 1
Biased poll 1
doesn't matter they hate Clinton so they're very reliable 1
some should tell him that he forgot the 1
Well at least they're getting suspended! 1
But if he was wrong the Hillary will always be wrong! 1
NO! 1
It's like gerrymandering isn't even real! 1
Our education system can't be great until teachers can work for minimum wage. 1
Stunning rebuttal.. 1
dude man if you just study it out you'll realize! 1
Just wait for the debates. 1
Did you sharpen the blade? 1
Hurrrrrrr but Mooselimbs are allowed to break their laws if it furthers their jeehad! 1
Its not like non Americans becoming president is something new 1
I'm sure this will go exactly as Bloomberg expects heading into the midterms 1
Now this an issue we can all clearly unite around. 1
you dropped that: 1
Yeah reddit is totally conspiring against Bernie Sanders... 1
I believe she has done it in the spirit of transparency. 1
Trump adding jobs already. 1
You mean fraud will go through the roof! 1
It's comments like this that got Trump elected in the first place! 1
Trick questions are not allowed. 1
It's all the voter fraud committed by Democrats! 1
Yep it's so much better up here 1
Or even attempt to be qualified for anything other than a mc-walmart job - you lowly elitist fuckhead. 1
Yeah...and I'm sure the Republicans will totally respect that. 1
I bet there is a special place in hell for them 1
TL;DR get a job? 1
those repubs really like democracy don't they 1
Would you stop being racist? 1
Because they belong in the kitchen gosh darn it. 1
This is the woman we should all be voting for! 1
It's rigged though because if you add those it doesn't make 100% must be the CrookedClintons back at it again 1
It's rigged! 1
why do white people say stupid shit like this? 1
"""But trump supporters aren't violent thugs""" 1
Because Sheen's Cadre will liberate Detroit? 1
Those turkey pardon ceremonies desreve the utmost reverence and respect. 1
Hey but illegal killing illegal should not count 1
This is sexist 1
Those damn facts are so racist. 1
Winning hearts and minds. 1
"It's only ""class warfare"" when we fight back." 1
Netanyahu is such a great person I'm sure he will have no problem winning over world leaders. 1
That's the spirit. 1
It's amazing how well they got me. 1
then monica let her hair down 1
Right like I'm going to listen to the guy that's wrong 9% of the time! 1
Source? 1
CNN stands for Clinton News Network duh 1
Stop trying to be a devisive leftist 1
Yeah ... This is Trump levels of rhetoric ... 1
I for one can't wait to hear his stump speech one more time at the convention 1
its called New York. 1
Kenyan* 1
Seems like compassionate and common punishment... not cruel or unusual at all ... 1
Got heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeemmmmmmmm. 1
Spend 5 seconds longer trying to prove I'm right! 1
The system works! 1
sexist! 1
I didn't think i needed 1
"I'm sure the GOP Spin room would say something about ""brotherly love"" as a way to outreach to black people and the gays" 1
"""secular reasons why some people do not deserve the same rights as others"" i have no idea why this could be seen as bigotry" 1
10D Halo and he threw a *lot* of grenades right before he died. 1
everybody loves him buuuuuut he cant win so none of us will vote for him 1
Oh the poor pitiful things. 1
Bernie Sanders: Americas first REAL Black President? 1
Oh yeah nobody talks about the Clinton controversies... 1
No cause drugs are of the devil. 1
Out of the shadows and into the light Hail Hydra! 1
Sanders has the momentum! 1
What a truly despicable thing to say! 1
It's all rigged! 1
She could bring credibility to Fox &amp; Friends! 1
The only reason to own a gun is to make up for inadequate penis length. 1
How could 9/11 have happened when Rudy said there was no international terrorism before Obama? 1
Which explains why conservatives support government programs that will create &amp; expand authorities they can submit to! 1
I'm waiting for the invisible hand of the free market to clean up this mess. 1
Sounds like something Hitler would say if he were a part of the KKK. 1
You would think African-Americans would be grateful for that extra $600 a year 1
Lol just cut all those big government agencies and let the free market regulate itself! 1
Republicans will help fix that! 1
why do people the third world subscribe to such wacky theories about how things work in the west where all the power is just because their world is so dangerous and works like that? 1
If the Clintons do something it's alright apparently 1
It's worth nothing that there are no uncivil jerks in the federal government. 1
I hear that if you pull up some bootstraps you can get into a better situation 1
Your anecdotal evidence sure has me convinced! 1
I'm sure your experience as a 92G meant you have lots of experience shooting firearms 1
Your point? 1
Empty those illegal immigrant workers from the detention centers and fill them up with Trump supporters. 1
Well that liberal French bitch had it coming... 1
How dare you suggest that a double standard exists! 1
There's the old Marco we all know and love! 1
You fucking racist xenophobic islamaphobic bigot asshole. 1
Well Obama's won two elections now so... 1
What could he possibly mean? 1
I am so sorry Pat Robertson failed to get this plum job. 1
Obama wants people to die from the shutdown so he can blame it on the GOP. 1
I'll bet they are racists and hate black people just like all the rest of the Republicans. 1
Well that's a relief 1
Both parties are the same on climate change and war with Iran. 1
No small groups of people controlling shit from where I'm sitting. 1
you forgot the 1
MSNBC has contributors working for Romney? 1
Everybody knows Mosul is in the middle eastern country of Aleppo. 1
Butbutbutbutbhtbht peecee's aren't built for gaming And the human eye can't see over 24 FPS and 720p anyways! 1
Yes because our elected officials only do things that effect the college educated and the less educated are untouched by it so they shouldn't get a say 1
Does this mean the thousands of dollars I've paid into Medicare so far will be refunded to me? 1
They must not have been good pianos. 1
Whatever you say boss. 1
I'm sure Milo &amp;amp; team over at Breitbart will be skewering Pence for the suggestion that the world must cater to whatever happens to offend him. 1
That's odd timing. 1
Its different when Dems do it though 1
you forgot the 1
I am sure Tea Baggers will protest this 1
As opposed to all of the other qualified and competent candidates we had. 1
This is the smart political move that will totally turn around his campaign! 1
Yeah but it worked didn't it? 1
But this will be mitigated when Trump turns California red. 1
Because that's the only course of action. 1
They both exist in the Milky Way. 1
That's some good old fiscal responsibility. 1
But South Park told me that both sides are equally as bad and I get my political views from a cartoon so I know that I'm right. 1
Nice to see those abstinence-only programs are finally paying off. 1
Why the service industry of course 1
BUT THEY'LL KILL AGAIN (after serving a 100 year prison sentence) IF WE DON'T KILL THEM! 1
Conspiracy! 1
Paul/Huckabee 2016! 1
You mean the losers? 1
HELL - we don't want to stay with the crappy way it is now...We want to return to the 10th century when Feudal Lords ran the show and only the poor were taxed (to death) as they worked 24/7 to support the lazy Lord asses; women knew their place as chattel and brood mares; and all was RIGHT WING with the world 1
"Yeah it was more of a ""SLAM"" instead of a ""BLAST""." 1
All the polls said Trump won. 1
Damn women's suffrage. 1
Tune in next Sunday when Murdoch announces the creation of a new Sunday tabloid: News of the Universe. 1
Obviously you've never seen Red Dawn. 1
NEVER FORGET 1
The 911 call was just misdirection. 1
"its even funnier than when she said ""delete your account!!!""" 1
If you are trying to be witty why not call Clinton BoA and Trump KKK You are so edgy 1
"Now is the perfect time to ""bring democracy to Saudi Arabia.""" 1
Yeah...what you need is something more to smoke... 1
How else can we renovate the football stadium and make it so there are now 146 less parking spots? 1
Just make that illegal too! 1
She must be an idiot... 1
That seems like a stretch. 1
What does it matter! 1
because all the black people DUH! 1
You mean Bill Clinton? 1
You mean the Lamestream Media? 1
First broken election promise? 1
Implying all GOP voters are fools is a great way to get people to change their mind 1
And that's why I'm voting Republican. 1
Every year black government vans come in and sneak away the bodies of all the people in the US that have starved to death. 1
They're the real terrorists 1
Because Trump understands the cost of his actions 1
Way to understand and meet the argument 1
Obesity epidemic solved! 1
Obviously nothing could be HIS fault. 1
I mean there of course hasn't been any major event that makes us realize how bitter the rhetoric has gotten. 1
"Because Corporations should be able to do anything they want without the pesky ""will of the people"" in their way." 1
Yes because lots of white people will be inconvenienced.... They should stick to the inner city...... 1
You're a racist! 1
FREEEDOOOOOOMMM 1
because no one ever threatens Trump 1
I like Trump because he has no ties to Wall Street 1
No he set things up like a ticking time bomb so that once he leaves office it's all going to explode. 1
"Because ""living wage"" is communism?" 1
These single parents should have kept her knees together if she didn't want to pay higher taxes. 1
"Surely we should just take those family members all to Guantanamo and do ""a heck of a lot worse than waterboarding"" to them." 1
The terrorists hate us for our freedoms... so lets get rid of our freedoms. 1
And I'm sure Clear Channel's decision to shut down the only liberal/progressive talk radio station in the Portland metropolitan area (Oregon) a week after the November election so they could open a third sports station shows absolutely no media bias either! 1
Well it's a good thing he has control of the situation and the police are listening to him. 1
Perhaps we should enact a race tax. 1
because circumstances never change and births are always planned 1
Nuh-uh. 1
Stop the presses everybody! 1
Sounds like an interesting and responsible bunch. 1
Le reddit meetup at the voting booth? 1
Automation is always good and I use the self checkout lanes at the supermarket because I always wanted to be a checkout clerk when I grew up. 1
spoken like a true political insider 1
But you can ignore the FBI and the director of national inelegance. 1
My money is still on the lizards! 1
They should have went to college so they could get better jobs. 1
"At least ""0"" is a nice round number." 1
They didn't realize that dastardly Obama would make them do it! 1
Does the GOP need to register as a foreign agent? 1
But he's a **CRIMINAL**! 1
Shocking 1
They missed the last debate. 1
did no one explain the progressive stack to America we've had the black man take the stand it white womyn next then and only then white men 1
Women are being raped because that's the kind of lewd displays their short skirts create! 1
Yup it'll be a failure just like the rest of the developed world 1
But feel the BERN man! 1
I suppose it's better for the minority to elect a demagogue than the majority. 1
Damn right blame the President. 1
"Blacks who hold conservative ideas are obviously not ""real"" blacks." 1
Reddit isnt one sided at all 1
Throw more of them in jail 1
Maybe blue balls are why they are so violent. 1
Yes because this has never happened before. 1
Requiring someone to fill out a form is voter suppression. 1
"Writing a check is the same as Paine writing ""Common Sense""." 1
Winning the youth vote through bitchy condescension! 1
Boy they sure learned their lesson... 1
That makes him smart. 1
I feel like you forgot the 1
You forgot the 1
This looks credible 1
Forgot to add my 1
This is not true because it is not reported by MSM 1
TIL people from a particular country are actually a race 1
I'm sure there is a damn dirty liberal somewhere skewing these scientific findings. 1
The LAPD will release a statement saying everything is fine there's nothing too see here and no one will do anymore investigating because of how much trust we have in the LAPD. 1
He passed it for unemployment benefits the sellout 1
The horror! 1
The benefit is that you'll have to use more conventional bombs otherwise. 1
He's so brave! 1
DNA evidence is just more lies put there by God to test your faith. 1
You're clearly a racist. 1
I'm sure Congress is just admitting that global warming is real and we don't need to study it anymore because the science is settled. 1
Only online polls are accurate because they all get the /pol/ seal of approval. 1
So out of touch 1
If it is from Salon it must be fair and balanced if it is posted on r/politics. 1
Well certainly do everything you can do to get Trump elected then... 1
But they're the last bastion of free speech! 1
And this is why we should abolish the estate tax. 1
The National Park Service is another con by big government to steal our taxes 1
All lives matter 1
But how can you vote for a criminal to become president? 1
Spirit cookbooks...Hail Satan 1
ok sure... 1
Have you considered banning guns? 1
Be like Trump 1
It's obvious they needed this long to create such a good 'shop of a Hawaii certificate. 1
He wasn't vetted and it worked out just fine... 1
you racist. 1
Grammar has a liberal bias. 1
These kinds of accusations just reinforce the sexist idea that women shouldn't be allowed to handle the household finances. 1
That's just fake news though! 1
But that would require some ambition on your part...fuck that flipping burgers is worth $10 an hour 1
Who? 1
You will respect his appeal to authority and like it! 1
$$Rolling in that sweet sweet shill money$$ 1
Don't worry if you have nothing to hide. 1
Well most are brown and every God fearing American knows Terrorists are also brown... there for it must be true. 1
But the Democrats are the fearmongers here because they make you afraid of the trump camp's racism and sexism. 1
Yeah I never see any negative articles written about Clinton. 1
*for freedom* 1
They're exactly the same! 1
Lawrence dropped out.... 1
"Said all the crazy ""feminists""" 1
Well then we should also have gay people stop paying taxes since they don't deserve the same rights as everyone else. 1
Shocking that an Abrahamic religion has been in America since George Washington 1
isn't that the country on our Terrorist Supporters list? 1
She is obsessed with sex! 1
Yup starve the beast has been a great ideal for our country 1
But all polls are skewed and rigged except that one poll from the LA times! 1
This is a quantum leap for Reddit! 1
WELL THAT IS JUST LIBERAL MEDIA BIAS! 1
"Do they understand what the word ""implode"" means?" 1
But the jobs should come to me. 1
But you can't cut the TSA and it's funding from the budget. 1
Obviously the one that would hold the gun manufacturer liable! 1
I am glad to see that both sides are able to work so closely together when it comes to spying on their own citizens as well as removing some of their rights. 1
What has Obama done in the name of freedom? 1
KILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKE 1
It's easy with all of the government aid! 1
You dropped this... 1
He dropped the 1
Because weed bro! 1
"Tax and spend ""conservatives.""" 1
Not OP but man you sure cant trust those Canadians. 1
He needs to pay his fair share! 1
She was perfectly fine though after fainting. 1
Organize sit ins and thoughtfully explain their points to America? 1
Lets elect the rich businessman to prove we won't be ruled by rich business interests! 1
But but think of the millions of people President trump will kill 1
What if she's lying about that too? 1
Right because cost of living in bumblefuck upstate NY is comparable to NYC 1
Because those Muslims are scary! 1
Good thing net neutrality is gonna get demolished! 1
"Oh... My ""B"" yo!" 1
Fucking shill 1
is everyone overlooking that the statement is technically true..? 1
And don't you losers try to infringe on our first amendment rights with your pathetic disagreement and criticism. 1
And they said legalizing marijuana would create jobs! 1
Reality has a well known shill bias 1
I expect an e-mail will soon be uncovered showing she's been paid off by the Clinton Foundation. 1
this is a lot like the Ted Cruz speech 1
Way to refute the point. 1
That's exactly what a paid shill would say... 1
It's a sweeping mandate! 1
So clearly his enemy then? 1
Working together is a path to socialist dictatorship! 1
Surely running a business teaches you all you need to know about economics and fiscal policy! 1
Between this and deflate gate ESPN should have real great content this season. 1
But he's just a respectful gentleman 1
We just need to move on for the health of the nation. 1
How kind of her 1
I love the smell of dead American soldiers in the morning. 1
Please be 1
Yes McCain and Romney would have been so much better! 1
well... there it goes... welcome to communism I guess.... people will really miss their freedoms. 1
Don't worry Trump will make healthcare cheaper and better while keeping everything people want and getting rid of stuff people don't want. 1
Stooping to the enemies' level is always good foreign policy. 1
Why's it gotta be a BLACK mark? 1
But it's clean so it's the only answer. 1
yes just like cocaine 1
Sell more state land. 1
You mean the lamestream lie-beral media? 1
You clearly haven't met Supply-Side Jesus yet. 1
That'll definitely make a difference. 1
That PBS debate sure seemed neutral 1
im sure the secret service had no idea who he was 1
Its just modern age mcarthyism 1
That's surely going to lead to great political success. 1
That's why health care consumes so much spending in Europe 1
Sounds like a job killing inefficiency being forced down businesses throat from a nanny state. 1
That shows real courage on her part. 1
It disagrees with my preexisting beliefs so I am going to assume you are wrong and put my fingers in my ears. 1
Well white Christians are the most persecuted minority in America right now. 1
Making America great again! 1
omg quit holding peoples racist actions against them you're so meeeeeean 1
Everyone knows that everyone who does any work for a charity should do it for free. 1
But it *feels* like she's a felon 1
Hey you can't use his own words against him! 1
Wait until October when he attacks her about Bill Clinton...that will SURELY win over women voters. 1
Making excuses is the right course of action to fixing the problem 1
Bernie sanders is SUCH a warmonger! 1
I'm sure if we just give Putin the Sudetenland he will be happy. 1
Even the fact that we are discussing it is clearly proof of the fact that you hate free speech. 1
His history of corporate bankruptcies shows that he's not to be trusted with credit. 1
What a great argument. 1
These brats should accept the corruption! 1
Next thing you know dogs will be marrying cats! 1
Yeah there are a lot of Trump supporters who admire her motherly values 1
"But the flair says ""No Satire""!" 1
Paul Krugman doesn't like Bernie Sanders.. Breaking news. 1
Yeah but Hillary sent EMAILS or deleted emails or something so obviously that's more important 1
you forgot the 1
What an insightful contribution. 1
Let's not get carried away! 1
No no no.. it's *liberals* which is what's wrong with America. 1
Maybe not where _you_ went to school! 1
TIL Ron Paul controlled the establishment. 1
I'm sure Democrats are impressed by his frag count. 1
Anything is possible with God. 1
What a waste! 1
This is the person we want holding the nuclear launch codes. 1
B-b-but Hanlon's Razor! 1
Dicks out for Harambe is sexist against women and encourages sexual assault. 1
If I were thinking of becoming a business owner I'd definitely try to start a business there. 1
Well not everyone gets on reddit to learn from the smartest people in the world! 1
But how were they going to get the Republican vote if they didn't distance themselves from the ACA? 1
Yeah we would have been better off with McCain or Romney 1
but prayer solves everything! 1
of course there is less corruption in the other places 1
Whatever... She's a progressive that gets things done 1
Well what you don't seem to undestand is mexican immigrants clearly have direct ties to ISIS 1
I guess there's no going back now huh? 1
He's also in good health! 1
But depriving poor kids in school a free lunch is a great motivator for them to get out of poverty. 1
Yep and there was no rain before Noah's flood - only mist. 1
That's a bold prediction. 1
You are a racist sir. 1
lets not let the truth get in the way of ideology 1
yea I remember when Bush was President and there were no protests or anything. 1
Alex Jones is the only one that can stop the jewish conspiracy to turn all of the frogs gay 1
Please like they pay any taxes. 1
Well how could anybody be misinformed with you here being so incredibly informative? 1
What birth certificate? 1
But you don't have Freedom (TM). 1
But the universities are all havens of liberal propaganda! 1
Source? 1
but it might make him gay 1
citation? 1
Because for profit corporations are so much better at regulating themselves. 1
sounds legit. 1
You're telling me that the skin peeled off after a sunburn isn't a human being? 1
"yeah but ""sources"" say there's no evidence according to CNN so don't worry about it this is definitely just a security review/right wing conspiracy" 1
fucking liberal media ... 1
The King James version of the Constitution doesn't! 1
Only sith deal in absolutes. 1
Sure his motives where for the campaign and to look good and not to better the world as a whole 1
How ironic that the proud Jewish man is also a nazi... 1
I think you forgot your 1
Because drugs are bad because they are illegal. 1
But the gays are devil worshippers! 1
I think you dropped this: 1
But Nigel Farage was in Mississippi! 1
But he's *Kenyan* an *muslim* and and and *HUSSEIN* 1
Much in the same way the big corpos pay there fair share 1
Since this is Russian propaganda and not American I guess she has done nothing wrong. 1
Based soley on the facts of course. 1
You're obviously delusional! 1
Good thing that has no chance of escalating tensions with China. 1
Surely this is 1
And definitely just a coincidence. 1
That's the folder with the list of her top donors that will get appointments to cushy positions in the WH or other various committees and what not. 1
How dare you persecute Christians by being against theocracy? 1
Your a terrible person for a totally different reason. 1
I heard that Obama invaded Iraq and Afghanistan. 1
thanks Obama for all the hope and all the change 1
When Syria sends their people... 1
Get out of here you greedy capitalist! 1
He has always lived a very devout lifestyle. 1
I'm sure the Commish doesn't get a dime directly or indirectly from comcast. 1
We must vigorously defend the rights of every nut to arm themselves with suitcase nukes dammit! 1
I'm sure it's just average Dem voters and/or Republicans sending in death threats to these officials 1
I wonder if we might be able to naturally attract a higher quality person to teaching if it were a more well paid position. 1
White Christians are oppressed in America 1
I'm sure we will pay down our debt in the boom times instead of pandering to the electorate to get re-elected. 1
you chose a great place to find that information. 1
Nah you're clearly just a shill 1
But it's sooo much more fun to think we're in some contest and it's our goal to beat the tea party as a viable movement 1
"I think you misspelled ""Libertarian paradise"" somewhere there." 1
I'm sure his life will be extremely difficult now. 1
Well said and totally not creepy! 1
Watch this get mass down voted for some unknown reason. 1
The only thing better than one egotistical snot is two egotistical snots... 1
Stop being sexist! 1
because no one was paying attention to the '08 election. 1
Is that like when they approved the Individual Mandate?... 1
Which crook? 1
But muh bootstraps 1
Clearly Huma is a plant for the Muslim brotherhood. 1
Shocking... 1
I'm sure Obama will reschedule it any day now! 1
Because that is exactly what is happening with the black vote right now after they elected obama 1
You forgot the 1
I'll remember to keep my opinions in check on a discussion on an opinion sub reddit in the future. 1
OBAMA STILL IS IN OFFICE HE'S TAKING OUR GUNS AWAY ANYDAY NOW! 1
Damn liberal reality! 1
Its so inhumane to spray people opposed to physically prying people apart against their will (while they are all interlocked). 1
But she's the electable one! 1
Cause it's icky. 1
Sorry that I'm on a cell phone using Reddt with not too much battery life and not some computer with a full keyboard 1
he wasn't choked to death - it was his anti-police rhetoric that killed him... 1
I'm sure there wouldn't be any political cost at all to that 1
Was a 1
It's very believable that people who donate money are the ones being turned down. 1
Yeah but Snowden isn't a Republican so clearly what he did was worse. 1
Because gold and it is real unlike the US Monopoly money! 1
You forgot the 1
He was pandering to the large african american population in Vermont 1
I am shocked that an uncorroborated allegation such as this can possibly be believed! 1
Both parties are the same 1
No no but Christianity is the RIGHT religion so it's okay. 1
Hey should have thought of that before choosing to be sick and poor. 1
Being cynical: profit 1
Yeah that's why I'm voting for trump 1
hillary confirmed secret lizard person. 1
Maybe he just really really likes Lynyrd Skynyrd. 1
Because they're smart 1
But that's haaaard 1
Lets just call him a terrorist so we can abuse his rights. 1
quit punishing people for being successful 1
They started it! 1
Yeah but their freedom rate is at an all time low 1
He will make flip flops with socks great again. 1
And now they're voting for Hillary. 1
That's some quality reporting there. 1
He's just saying 9/11 was an inside job 1
Good thing the president never has to deal with sudden challenges. 1
Lack of transparency is just what I look for in a president. 1
Fuck yeah love a good civil war 1
TJ was clearly a socialist. 1
Thank you mother russia for your completely sincere interest in our completely rigged election process. 1
Good to see Ken Cuccinelli landed on his feet. 1
Soetoro 1
But you'll just die of Ebola. 1
At least she isn't as dumb as Trump! 1
"Because obviously if you come from a ""shit-hole country"" your English is going to suck and you are prohibited from having American Nationalism." 1
What a gentleman. 1
He will probably rent out the Lincoln bedroom to foreign businessmen for a massive price! 1
Well Bernie also had the entire MSM propping him up 1
I am deeply offended! 1
Then you are paying too much attention. 1
I wonder if the federal funding for more police has made it necessary to hire sociopaths to fill quotas and so we get numbnuts tazering sick people? 1
But this time they're *our* Nazis! 1
Yeah those dirty lib Californians definitely shouldn't have their vote matter! 1
ENOUGH TO BEAT HILLARY 1
you forgot this 1
Almost as good as yours 1
Outlawing Democrats will. 1
By being antisemmetic. 1
But...but... Free college and healthcare will save this country 1
The progressive case for Clinton is overwhelming! 1
Yeah we need new &amp; better journalism.. unless you disagree with my opinions then it's just the MSM being corrupt 1
He is still waiting to hear back from the team he sent to hawaii! 1
Like Bush did? 1
My bad should have added..... 1
"I didn't realize it was the trumpers who were all ""feelz before realz.""" 1
And I'm sure Breitbart has nothing to gain by encouraging protests at CNN 1
That'll turn out great 1
You forgot your 1
*I'm sure these two tweets (which are both deleted) totally wasn't a marketing attempt from the start* 1
I don't care how many lives or how much money he saves if he's doing it for the wrong reasons! 1
"""Possible""" 1
Because business leaders are the ones we look to for morals and ethics 1
owned by the good ol' Charles Koch foundation 1
Your mentality would have worked wonders in the 1950s for blacks. 1
Don't you know... All the Gay's will see her conviction and repent their sinful ways now.. 1
Well thank goodness we have the electoral college to protect the interests of Real Americans against those costal elites. 1
you forgot the 1
I hope Madeline Albright criticizes all the women who supported Bernie Sanders instead of Carly Fiorino. 1
That media hivemind everyone 1
This store is truly going to feel the bern soon 1
I...err...not yesterday? 1
Lol ur just a salty liberal I'm gonna jump 3 tax brackets as soon as he's sworn in I'm just in a rough patch right now haha xd 1
Nuh uh Voluntary surveys tell me that immigration is a net negative 1
shocker! 1
no im in the kkk and i spraypaint swastikas. 1
I'm sure people are changing their vote because of how the Clinton campaign views a cartoon frog. 1
Mainly because they come out of your mouth? 1
I'm hoping he intended a 1
Yeah manned attacks never have collateral damage 1
Dear Leader will protect you. 1
Math is a liberal conspiracy. 1
Because I'm certain the Republican candidates will give up the power to assassinate people. 1
"Because having some drugs when you are in highschool is a ""serious crime"" that should take away your civil rights for life." 1
Please do not infringe on the Soros Foundation's right to free speech 1
Totally 1
I'm sure they will treat them with utmost respect and decency that any human being deserves... 1
Not if we stop those gays from causing them. 1
Who would have thought that volcanoes might erupt or serious diseases might spread in a country this big and we should be prepared? 1
That makes it better. 1
'unfavorable market conditions' 1
But what about the poll that said they were tied 1
IF only people could see on their TVs that Obama is black they wouldn't have to play the race card. 1
Because everyone knows US Senators set state policy 1
"""Le Friendzone XDDDDDDD""" 1
Just a perception problem. 1
Because guns and bombs are just easier 1
Upvoting on the chance that this was 1
"It depends on what your definition of ""do"" is" 1
Because her gender had nothing to do with the constant drumbeat of manufactured scandals that resulted in zero prosecutions. 1
Thank goodness we're fucking all of these voters over so that one or two people don't get to vote more than once! 1
Polysyllabic? 1
we need to see MORE of stuff like this 1
Porcines 1
I must have dropped this: 1
But they are unified. 1
I do have legions of fans 1
Great response. 1
Well luckily they aren't blatantly picking sides and engaging in divisive rhetoric and hyperbole 1
WRAP IT UP YOU PERVERTS! 1
ABC sure knows what people want 1
So you're telling me we can't just impeach someone because the internet doesn't like them? 1
pure class 1
But murder and theft are illegal! 1
Is that where you write underwater ? 1
Because she is very transparent 1
Because the smaller population states tend to be on my side so I need their votes to matter more! 1
But the 2nd amendment clearly without any doubt confers Americans with the ability to own as many guns as they want without any government interference 1
The thank you was for mailing the check on time and not making them sue for it. 1
"""YOU'RE THE PUPPET!!""" 1
you forgot the 1
Those children were obviously just enjoying being free 1
Well that makes it *so* much better. 1
Yes of course Hillary is for playing an even hand in the middle east. 1
This will do well to move people to Trump. 1
The rush before Obama leaves office. 1
But hurr durr big ladder 1
but people on welfare are clearly too lazy and stupid to withdraw money *before* hitting a strip club 1
I'm sure that this was a decision made in light of the facts and with no political pressure or back room dealing at all 1
Yea let's just do what France did and tax the rich up to 100% of their income 1
I'm sure that evil Muslim religion has provisions for skipping rituals when you are infiltrating the institutions of infidels. 1
what a surprise. 1
Its good to see such open mindedness. 1
Denmarks in the real shitter 1
Because liberals don't make science a partisan issue 1
And remember to vote early and often. 1
Because Identity theft isn't a huge common problem these days 1
I HAD NO IDEA 1
He's only dead because Rafael Cruz killed him. 1
Breaking: average Americans have relevant opinions regarding the specifics of an overseas military conflict 1
Another white nationalist in Trump's cabinet... 1
Sounds like a real nightmare. 1
That was brilliant! 1
I'm sure the DNC doesn't do the exact same thing. 1
Not to mention racist! 1
What are those? 1
it is an evil plan for the repetitive posts to build apathy 1
I'd like to see you democrats try to pull off something that clever! 1
Can't they find someone a little older? 1
You forgot the 1
you are. 1
We're just not smart enough to understand The Donald 1
That makes him smart. 1
The best people folks 1
Yeah FUCK HER for having a dry throat! 1
You really can't get more anti-establishment than a billionaire American businessman. 1
You don't remember her vocal cry to replace offshore drilling with onshore drilling to reduce the risk to the environment? 1
Yeah... we here in the rust belt are all over that TPP stuff... we think it will be swell! 1
All those Republicans and Democrats sitting on the Fed board must be responsible or something. 1
And that's why you need the death penalty. 1
But children are an AWESOME tax deduction. 1
I love how all these certain people who are against abortion are the same ones who will never have to make that choice. 1
Well I did say modern. 1
Maybe she's the one woman whom he didn't harass and she feels jaded. 1
this is huge political news! 1
You are just saying that because both parties are the same and no one should vote. 1
I'm sure no English cops are racists that would want to push their narratives. 1
The young tend to vote democratic 1
Yes we all know the TRUTH/FACTS have a well known anti- GOP/Right Wing bias! 1
They catch everyone but they only stop the Republicans. 1
"That ""biased liberal media"" is constantly using Trump's own words against him instead of twisting them to mean what he retroactively says they meant." 1
Won't anyone think of the freedom? 1
Thank jeebus the US military went in there and fixed everything. 1
Incresing the age limit totally stops kids from smoking! 1
Later Trump said he was confusing it with the 12 Commandments. 1
It's because he's smart / it's called business. 1
Yeah and it was just like slavery I'll bet too. 1
But that was true so it can't be classified as defamation. 1
GOP to counter by insisting Indians go back where they came from. 1
Now I feel so much better 1
LOVE IT OR LEAVE IT 1
But the people on reddit are doing your protesting for you by upvoting this! 1
So they go and destroy their own neighborhoods and shops... smart! 1
The Pope is just a commie liberal socialist anyway. 1
Yes but you don't understand Hillary is a *criminal* 1
I think her actions as Arkansas' First Lady really hurt this country! 1
The only teacher they need is Trump 1
The government would be *wayyy* too big. 1
TIL all gays are rapists 1
BREAKING NEWS GUYS!... 1
But Right to Work gives us jobs... 1
It's a good thing we didn't elect Hillary Clinton with all of her ties to Wall Street. 1
You forgot this 1
And HRC is a saint.... 1
No flaw in that system. 1
They called you racist so obviously you are one 1
Rigged 1
Another example of Trump supporters being oppressed. 1
You forgot the 1
But look at all the protests in countries with socialized medicine marching in the streets to switch to a system like ours. 1
Fuck him! 1
Did you forget the 1
There's absolutely nothing political about our cops' ability to kill whoever they want with total impunity. 1
I too respond to facts with non facts. 1
That' just a liberal excuse so Obama can spend money on treating the moochers. 1
That's because conservatives are victims of the liberal media. 1
So he's confirming that 9/11 was a domestic plot by Cheney/Bush to drum up support for an otherwise failing presidency? 1
If only David Koresh had known of this secret... 1
"""Obama set us up for this failure!""" 1
$5 says he was playing a violent video game right before this happened. 1
Totally simple! 1
It makes perfect sense! 1
"It's called ""personal responsibility""." 1
Your comment and username make me guess you dropped this 1
Probably those pesky Ruskies. 1
As long as they don't have the shoulder thing that goes up I'm fine with them. 1
Good way to spend taxpayer money. 1
Republicans blocked funding for that too 1
TIL Joe's into pegging. 1
Really focusing on the real issues 1
Nazi woman Ftfy 1
Oh yeah man its that easy 1
Who is Phil Robertson? 1
You must be a racist hating brown people. 1
That's economic terrorism! 1
That's why we chose the finding name 1
OHHHHH that makes sense 1
But...but...but that doesn't comport with the narrative! 1
No its called being a flop-flopping traitor 1
I always wanted another recession. 1
Yeah but what about the emails? 1
Cause Trump's going to bring up scandals that the right has harped on for decades and begin his pivot to center any day now and everyone will forget the stupid shit he's said up until now 1
That'll show her 1
Pretty surprising that a college professor would be keen on increasing the number of students and their debt load. 1
filibuster this communist anti-capitalist Marxist filth of a law. 1
Fuck you for being poor and stuff. 1
That's why Elizabeth warren is here to save the day! 1
Yeah why should Democrats win when they all live so close together 1
Yeah that guy is literally a pig. 1
I guess he's really making a play for the swing voter. 1
No because *freedom of speech* 1
You're not a bot if the majority of people agrees with you. 1
I thought obama and Hillary created it? 1
he's to busy to listen to the lyrics though 1
Redistribute the air time! 1
But we have lots of body scanners and Big Brother is watching us ever so closely to keep us safe. 1
So proud of my home state. 1
But he's a neurosurgeon and so smart how can he get this wrong? 1
I bet the fake news site Common Dreams also believes that Federal firearms registries are to advance political witch hunts too. 1
but trump made him do it! 1
Yea i'm sure we'll all get a check. 1
The Berniebros really have a talent for insightful metaphors that aren't overdramatic in any way. 1
Really glad he's shifting the conversation back to policy and substance 1
"Maybe he can set up a ""hotline"" for all the ""ugly"" women to call in Money will surely roll in" 1
Those rights only matter when we are talking about number 2. 1
"As long as you do it without guns ""cause nobody needs those type of weapons!!""" 1
Because rounding people up and forcing them to live elsewhere has never ended badly 1
This is probably the best shit I've heard all year 1
Just like the Bernie or bust crowd. 1
They haven't already? 1
That goddamn truthful honest bastard. 1
Everyone knows he replaced it with a bust of Stalin 1
They probably didn't want to impact the election. 1
I'm shocked! 1
"But... but... who would be our ""enemy""..." 1
...yeah that makes perfect sense for the example I gave 1
yeah but was he running for president then? 1
1.3 trillion EACH! 1
Obviously this test was created to support Hillary by highlighting all of trumps flaws without supporting any of his strengths. 1
Looking forward to the hit piece Washington post is going to release about her on this. 1
That just means it's working. 1
It's because the RNC wasn't hiding anything interesting. 1
Democrats clearly all have their hands clean too. 1
Forgot the 1
Ron Paul 2016! 1
Don't bring your pesky facts and history around here Shrillary Kkklinton McShilly Shill Shill! 1
So lets make the government even bigger so it can oversee itself further. 1
But the US has such a great track record of interfering with other countries and stabilizing them! 1
Because going to a state uni is for peasants. 1
Are you questioning Trump's winner temperment? 1
Yeah I can't imagine a one term Senator being elected president 1
Great deductive reasoning. 1
"Obviously it would be better if that ""female"" had a dick." 1
People who work in healthcare should do it for free...its all about healing the sick. 1
The real one is whatever one the poster belongs to... duh. 1
Shouldn't the free market take care of the veterans? 1
So brave 1
Bernie was paying prostitutes in order to hide his attempts to form a Working Girls Union from their pimps. 1
But then how do we afford the police budget? 1
It's not as crazy as using your personal email for work. 1
You forgot your 1
Don't forget the inevitable indictment by the FBI. 1
But but guns are evil and I like my car.... 1
Well that solves it Megyn Kelly is clearly a liberal shill! 1
Socialist 1
Shhhh it's only astroturfing if I disagree with them! 1
Exactly that is why the conservatives in Congress want to eliminate all consumer protection rules. 1
Yes because it's such a long flight from Vermont to Minnesota 1
I love it when things that were overwhelmingly obvious already in 1990 and all but inevitable theoretically in any sense are treated as insightful discoveries by alleged reporters in 2013. 1
Yes.. Totally normal here in MS. 1
Reaganomics worked out so well. 1
Make America Great Again (for those that can afford it) 1
Walls are racist 1
What are you some sort of communist? 1
Yeah Hillary would totally be a major candidate if she didn't have Goldman Sachs and the pharmaceutical industry backing her 1
How dare the government doesn't have the right to restrict political videos from being aired! 1
But but but how will you fight against tyranny without guns? 1
Fucking republicans! 1
You forgot the 1
That's why you gotta delete those emails 1
Thank you Washington post for contributing to the advancement of the human race. 1
He's also apparently more industrious and hard working than liberals. 1
Right because that NEVER happens with liberals. 1
Glad they learned their lesson 1
yep the entire system is rigged and thats the only way a non guilty person can be found not guilty 1
TBF have you seen the Republican Party's constituency? 1
Well fuck minorities build the wall and bomb Mecca! 1
Romney was so good he didn't even have to take office! 1
Maybe forced abortions but at gun point? 1
Whereas Prison Planet is the height of journalistic excellence 1
Because the perfect way to make a splash on social media is to lead off with dozens of hours of raw unedited footage. 1
Clearly they didn't work hard enough 1
So presidential. 1
Just listen to them and pretty soon it will be all rainbows and vacations for everyone. 1
Impeach! 1
The mainstream media photoshopped her instagram 1
Because that's how freedom works 1
VOTER FRAUD! 1
Your reddit history show you probably voted for Hillary already 1
But the Republicans support individual freedom and smaller government! 1
I bet she was the second getaway driver and sold crystal meth to middle schoolers and is fat and ugly too. 1
Incredible subtle pivot there! 1
But you can get a degree by going to school only one day/night a week! 1
Because we all have so much time to read every comment and respond. 1
Welcome to internet comments. 1
I'm sure they'll be clamoring to vote for Trump. 1
Job security is a great thing going into a recession. 1
But they support marijuana legalization so they're the best party ever! 1
gerrymandering isnt real 1
Sounds elitist and lib'ral... and it's just a theory. 1
His has such a good temperament 1
Reddit... what's new online. 1
This is better though because it's not Islamic. 1
Because the teleprompter doesn't work! 1
Yeah that Dodd-Frank bill was all about bank deregulation. 1
They trade lobster and filet mignon for hooch and crack cocaine! 1
Good luck with that. 1
This must be one of those phony polls 1
You left out the 1
Labor is capital! 1
He's against unions so he must clearly be a right winger conservative. 1
Nope not even George WAshington. 1
Way to spin the narrative you DELUSIONAL cult member $Hillary supporter! 1
Nothing hateful about this comment at all. 1
He's sorry though guys. 1
Donald Trump will make amerika safe again by lynching black people again 1
You dropped this: 1
Internment camps for them 1
Your just a corporate shill. 1
Federal laws shouldn't take away the state's right to choose if black people get to vote. 1
You dropped this 1
And absolutely no one was calling for her death before she said that. 1
Hey only Fox news is one sided buddy! 1
he's not an oligarch he's just a billionaire self-funding his own presidential campaign 1
*but only if you are white. 1
"""a joke"" haha oh wow yeah she's totally not trying to ride the hype of the most popular movie on the planet to get headlines" 1
shouldnt we be discussing sony and nk? 1
Just like Obama caused the war in 2008 you mean? 1
Putin for President! 1
He must be a total badass shank-a-motherfucka terror to be locked up in solitary. 1
what tracking poll? 1
Well obviously it would show up on their background check 1
Well obviously we need a wall. 1
Try harder and you can have both. 1
But...we were a nation founded on chrisitianity? 1
Love it or leave it. 1
What your sure? 1
Shut your mouth and be grateful we don't have communist public news like they do in the UK! 1
democrips and rebloodlicans are the same right 1
thanks obama 1
Because it's her turn! 1
The market will take care of this! 1
"""They're being politically correct like Librul scum!""" 1
Yea because Sanders answered everything directly 1
Raising the level of discourse yet again 1
But she said she's not establishment #imwithher 1
Apparently there is a vast left wing and a vast right wing conspiracy of those who don't like Hillary. 1
Someone known for cooking sure emails about different foods a lot. 1
But Facebook likes and youtube comments :( 1
"Yeah he ""took"" that money and flip flopped!" 1
Just a right wing conspiracy 1
one of the good ones 1
Shit i forgot the 1
#unskewthepolls 1
But... but... can't we make it a national holiday so I can be lazy and not have to work? 1
So soon? 1
But think of the American lives saved because they got him! 1
It's that damn Michelle and her drive to end childhood obesity. 1
Clearly you're just right-wing smear job 1
kill all the mexicans ^^^^^^^^ 1
Mere serfs don't deserve the right to vote. 1
The two most pressing issues for sure 1
I am glad your argument is based on fact and logic and not just fear mongering... 1
Why doesn't this guy write something positive about Trump to be posted here? 1
Probably outdated information. 1
Hillary had 30 years to do something about it! 1
Were is the profit in that? 1
That's SO much smarter than just making the police behave. 1
Sexists 1
Yeah that was definitely the most unnerving part of the debate. 1
This system exists only within the united states. 1
Yeah if only we could be losing 750k jobs a month again that would be awesome 1
that's because a Clinton victory is riggedly probable 1
Nice drop to the pandering at the end. 1
Agreed the father should be able to demand the woman get an abortion 1
Clearly he didn't cut enough of the budget. 1
I'm sure this applies to corporate welfare recipients too 1
Didn't see this coming 1
Who knows spez might have seen it. 1
Of course it could be a bit of a job killer -- hospitals and doctors won't require a multitude of staff to deal with all the insurance administration and health insurance companies are much reduced. 1
But we *chose them... 1
It needs a 'spruce' anyway 1
"B-b-but Hillary probably just changes all the codes to ""0-0-0-0""" 1
It's okay though because it's her turn. 1
Breaking: Trump supporters are not iPhone users 1
Stop this very artful smear 1
But reddit told me Bernie is a once in a lifetime candidate! 1
There are only ever CTR shills or Trump shills. 1
That's because Trump is literally the spawn of Satan and Hillary is Christ reborn 1
Because she's a trend setter 1
Obviously he just wants to prevent the children from becoming dependents and learn to pull themselves up by their bootstraps so that they can buy their own Christmas Gifts. 1
Like reading the emails stored on it? 1
I really hope you forgot to put 1
This is sure to bring her down! 1
And I bet this will be the first time in 2000 years that anything like this has happened to the bible. 1
Because it isn't a disease? 1
Well it's good that you let her prove herself first before criticizing 1
The regressive left has a lot to admire... 1
"Well he didn't ask ""are you Muslim"" or ""are you black"" so it doesn't matter." 1
There's literally no difference between Palestine and Mexico 1
Now only if Honey Boo Boo got into endorsing politicians. 1
Because drone strikes only occur in Afghanistan. 1
Im sure thats what he believes and meant by those comments. 1
OMG WHAT AN OUTRAGE. 1
Fighting to get good legislation passed isn't practical. 1
Proof that this whole post is an obvious set-up orchestrated by the liberal media. 1
Yes... this is what a civil rights lawyer does... 1
I love my state. 1
Somebody forgot to put the 1
but make sure to fall in line guys! 1
So you're telling me that there is no way that the Russians or Chinese could have read her emails. 1
You dropped this: 1
Then it worked 1
I'm looking forward to his rebuttal 1
You forgot the 1
I'd say that Mac on the podium is an evil idol 1
I have blind trust in Trump. 1
Careful guys: don't call them racists cos that's why Trump won! 1
Well it sure is lucky that Americans realized that is who they were voting for... 1
Then clearly we need to start more wars. 1
So she's only 35% the racist that Donald Trump is. 1
Too PC. 1
New York is bigger than the city? 1
They're too busy raping people. 1
Democracy in action! 1
Because the unions we have are so great. 1
Surely this only happened because the house was on the hands of the republicans. 1
nah dude you're playing semantics 1
All college degrees are equally hard to get and economically valuable after all 1
Ohh there's my African American 1
They are just too stupid to know what's good for them. 1
because we are all equal 1
Maybe he just doesn't want to be the only schmuck who's playing by the rules 1
I can tell you're a very valuable member of society and not a bigot 1
Talk like this is why Trump won! 1
They obviously did it to get him to spill all his darkest secrets to hold as leverage over him so he would never turn his back on his fraternity. 1
Don't worry NC is moving towards cleaner energy with fracking! 1
7 for 9 isn't that bad is it ? 1
Because what we really need are more people looking for jobs. 1
I can't wait for Fox News to report on this like they did with Obama and Rev Wright! 1
Bernie or bust though! 1
Totally DID NOT see this coming. 1
What a good joke 1
Obama is making me pay for your prostituting child. 1
Why can't climate scientists acknowledge this obvious scientific fact? 1
You mean when the liberal elites RUIN AMERICA! 1
He doesn't need to know how because he's going to hire the best people! 1
Of cause it would be so much better is she scripted all questions and answers beforehand 1
Because of economic anxiety. 1
By the Jews! 1
Good thing Wikileaks was there to force transparency on both candidates 1
Both parties are the same! 1
he was being **literally sarcastic** obviously! 1
someone forgot the 1
I never imagined there might be a complicated financial arrangement with Trump and the family running his Super PAC (who also happen to be the same people who fund Breitbart News and the data anlytics software the Trump campaign used (which Bannon also has a stake in)) 1
Surely this time will work 1
You're so intelligent 1
They're looking for the longform records 1
AMEN 1
Is that what we're calling prisons now? 1
Civil war 1
pfftfd Oh I really care about what a swam of conservatives on r/politics spewing think tank talking points from the 1980s thinks of my opinion. 1
You should have gone to the fortune teller more frequently and paid them to foresee the future in which you would lose that job before ever having the child. 1
That's a useful comment. 1
Wake up sheeple! 1
Put them back on the rolls AFTER the fucking primary so they can vote for Hillary like they should have in the first place. 1
I got an iphone7 for $9.99! 1
Because trump doesn't have plans to do absolutely all of those things and more. 1
Yes because those SS agents would be layed off if he wasn't running 1
Purge and purify.......Purge and purify.......Purge and purify....... 1
But removing mountain tops doesn't. 1
I think you dropped this. 1
Right because that's the same as this 1
It could be happening--if only both parties weren't *exactly* alike. 1
This is just a foreshadowing of the excellent programming The Trump News Network is going to bring. 1
This 1
yeah having a system where all you need to do is pandering to the cities is a system that would totaly work! 1
You forgot the 1
Typical Obama socialism! 1
the jews and the coloreds! 1
Looks like she was with great company 1
What could go wrong? 1
There's nothing that would make me feel better about sending my 5 year old off to school than knowing her teacher has a gun in his pants. 1
So everyone who asks questions is stupid? 1
A reputable newspaper obviously wouldn't say anything negative about our God Emperor. 1
I'm sure he will keep his cool and be diplomatic when meting foreign leaders 1
"That's because females under 65 are ""BernieBros""" 1
Shocking.......... .. .. .. .. .. 1
b/c everyone who dislikes fox news is obviously a liberal feminazi and all liberals are obviously radical feminist communists 1
fiscal conservatism is soooo hot right now 1
At least he supports the Macedonians! 1
I bet she's going to tell us at her next press conference. 1
But Trump never lies or contradicts himself. 1
Good thing Hilldog doesn't support things like Big Coal and fracking 1
It's not like the CIA ever trafficked cocaine into poor black neighborhoods. 1
Because the current economic 'experiment' is going perfectly... right? 1
How come CNN isn't covering this? 1
"That just cost Rand Paul any chance of winning the presidency; he's been ""tainted"" by Obama." 1
No you don't get it dishonest politicians are a new phenomenon created by Trump. 1
This attitude is why Trump got elected. 1
this is clearly just more perfectly normal locker room stuff that every red-blooded heterosexual male engages in. 1
The caps lock show they are sane. 1
The most systematically oppressed group of people in the US: young white men. 1
How else could we have gotten to the moon if not for good old fashioned American know how? 1
But he was ROBBED! 1
These people are so nice. 1
Hillary has never risen in the polls. 1
Maybe if we tighten our gun laws to match those of France we'll be ok. 1
Michelle Obama is a man and her children were kidnapped 1
Pfizer being a state that also supports terrorism 1
Oh everyone knows he was working for President Obama and Eric Holder. 1
That makes her smart. 1
We just have to lower taxes enough to make up for that difference in wages and everything will be great 1
He wouldn't be far off 1
Yeah she would truly be supporting her fans by throwing in behind trump. 1
Maybe a little golden crescent affixed to the exterior of their clothing 1
That's because you're hopping the border to use the Americans' healthcare! 1
K. Thanks for the valuable insight. 1
Obviously they would never invite him without him asking first. 1
What's wrong with dividing the world between the US and Russia? 1
Yeah thing would be so much better without that shitty work place safety bullshit. 1
How very American of him 1
Yeah some smart guy said they're all rapist and murders so I can see why you'd hate them 1
I appreciate the quality comment. 1
OMG That's a shocker. 1
Don't forget all the pressure she must deal with heading an international ring of sex trade smugglers. 1
Shouldn't have wrecked that airplane! 1
Obviously a false flag. 1
Why can't CNN be unbiased like breitbart? 1
Not sure if 1
And so much freedom was accomplished. 1
Please tell me you forgot a 1
But it doesn't count as racism if you're not wearing a white hood and burning a cross. 1
This could have all been avoided if they all had IDs. 1
But she seems much more credible than the other guy. 1
The Jews are a Freemason conspiracy. 1
But she saved HP! 1
Stop using logic and reasoning! 1
I think you dropped this 1
People in the UK and Canada must be living in hell with universal healthcare. 1
Very presidential. 1
Everyone who doesn't vote the way I do is throwing their vote away 1
I bet it's Joe! 1
I really need to start using 1
They hate us for our freedoms. 1
It's her fault she didn't stop them. 1
Build the wall and make Mexico pay for it seems pretty specific 1
Rush Limbaugh disagrees therefore this inquiry must have a liberal bias 1
"I guess I should have assumed that ""69Mooseoverlord69"" would have a good grasp on strategy" 1
"""But our military is in bad shape and the airports are shit""" 1
God Bless America and our no knock search warrants. 1
I too support candidates who disrupt rescue and relief efforts for a photo op! 1
Great satire Were it not for the username i'd be 50/50 and hoping it was 1
Your right trump has a tremendous understanding of the Middle East. 1
Because that Doc only went to 8 years of school so how the hell should they know what you need? 1
You forgot the 1
Oh yea Europe is having such amazing successes with multiculturalism right now! 1
The office is for the person the president has sex with. 1
Well he is certainly doing a good job at fighting Clinton's corruption. 1
Really terrible stuff in there... 1
Apparently. 1
So you are saying that there is a conspiracy of contestants to criticize Trump. 1
Rush Limbaugh said it was biased. 1
But any minute now. 1
She is a RINO now.... 1
For the unconscious: 1
forgot 1
Gee ... I wonder who will pick up the tab for the rest of the bill? 1
But States' rights! 1
But all the Trump supporters said the post-convention bounce was over? 1
Lazy bastards deserves less. 1
I'm sure it has nothing to do with a revolving door..... 1
Of course it means self regulated by the gun industry. 1
"Just tell them to take ""personal responsibility"" for their shortcomings in fundraising." 1
I don't think you'd have to ask for that 1
Because money matters when you have a chance to continue living 1
my ignorance is better than your knowledge 1
Shhhh those are unimportant details 1
She's defending the *sanctity* of marriage. 1
He wore the shirt for Freedom &amp; Democracy. 1
But secession is so patriotic! 1
Wait hold on let me patronize you with a winky face: ;) 1
the one I belong to. 1
"If that dude was ""stronger"" he wouldn't have PTSD." 1
That was all Clinton's fault. 1
But my stubbed toe and I are more important than the guy who came in with appendicitis. 1
Clearly the only solution is to abolish the Senate 1
and CNN is the best news site to ever live. 1
This is our fault for not falling in line 1
"Darn those minorities and their ""identity politics""!" 1
As I have always said its much better for a few hundred thousand children to remain malnourished and wome even starve than for one venture capitalist to see a mild reduction in his standard of living. 1
"""What he needs to do is just knowingly use false evidence to convince the people to do what he wants"" Cheney continued." 1
Because the supreme court just issues legal proclamations as it sees fit... 1
Well sourced blanket statements and a fine comment you spat out. 1
Punching people in the face really hurts your hand...that's assault brother. 1
These Dems and their war on water 1
It's nice to to see the GOP focusing on the *real* problems facing America 1
Build the swamp! 1
Its a good thing this poll is getting brigaded down or else we might miss our hourly post on how Trump beats Clinton in the general. 1
"It's called ""personal responsibility""." 1
Let's elect the guy who fires people for a living! 1
It has nothing to do with Clinton being a corrupt Politician. 1
We should kill them and take their money. 1
why do you people always have to drag the spouse into it? 1
Commie! 1
Because Congress has *really* shown that they care what happens to non Congressmen or those around them. 1
And now trump is a lock to win California! 1
HAHAHAHA THAT IS SUCH A RELEVANT STATEMENT AND IS A GOOD BASIS FOR MORE POLITICAL DISCUSSION 1
Yeah like Muslim! 1
fucking hippies screwed up this country in 68... once is enough. 1
Because the Senate takes up the legislation the house passes. 1
You forgot the 1
Yeah the vitriolic reaction to Trump that has most likely made sure he has no chance in the election certainly shows that Americans are okay with rape 1
Leave it to the Liberal Conspiracy Network to demonize a strong supporter of small independent business women. 1
Haha oh ya that turned out be quite the scandal 1
...yes because being against the war was such a unpopular opinion. 1
Found the racist sexist Trump supporter who would probably vote for Pepe 1
Assange is clearly a traitor and a Russian spy. 1
What an awesome presidential candidate - blames everything on everyone else. 1
it was 1
Well it is Obama's fault for being black. 1
Another softball question for Sanders! 1
Freeing slaves is definitely the work of a hate group 1
Those poor people buying their legal weed without any fear of judicial reprisal its so sad to see how much they have to pay 1
correctivism ftw! 1
Only the civil liberties I care about are important! 1
That doesn't sound like the GOP at all. 1
Just like Jesus intended 1
Correlation doesn't equal causation. 1
I too support sending others to do my dirty work and then treating them like shit when they've returned! 1
Again proving that you shouldn't support good ideas or facts if you dislike the person espousing them. 1
Or how much people hate the establishment... But yeah probably sexists/racists.... 1
But they ruin property values! 1
Want the last one Reagan? 1
You forgot the 1
That lack of a Trump endorsement is costing him dearly. 1
ya because Obama won by a landslide... 1
New plan: We build two walls on each coast blocking the south and Midwest and we make them pay for it 1
Sounds like Obama is an evil bigot who needs to check his privilege. 1
That doesn't seem like a loaded question that's attempting to make Trump racist at all. 1
You forgot the 1
Big fuckin' surprise there. 1
I just don't think a politician would do that.... 1
Yes everyone knows African Americans can't be civilized 1
Two thoughts: 1) Obviously he knows there are tapes out there; and 2) Why should he change from such a successful strategy 1
Nice argument. 1
Whoops. 1
Because they're entitled to it...because...well...just because! 1
She definitely rigged the election by getting results that matched the dozens of independent pollsters statistics prior to each primary. 1
Our Republicans are such wholesome patriots abusing their own President is more important than working to improve their own nation. 1
He just forgot the 1
I'm sure you let the government keep it so they could smartly use it to help promote the economy. 1
Because Sarah Palin knows all about winning. 1
Sounds like U S politics alright 1
Not with Putin's help 1
He needs more Benghazi. 1
They just did it out of the kindness of their hearts they didn't want anything in return 1
But I don't wanna pay for some nutjob to get three square meals a day while I break my back for my family. 1
Heil Trump 1
Arresting people who disagree with you---totally ok! 1
You forgot 1
Aborted fetuses are mostly between the size of a pencil eraser and a grape ... If getting that tiny thing through the vagina is dangerous now then we better remove it ASAP before it gets exponentially bigger. 1
Dude stop oppressing him and his passion about sanders! 1
But those community leaders are part of *the Establishment* 1
I keep forgetting that Hillary is only really an extension of her man... 1
Nepotism always proves to be the best way to run things. 1
But they've got Iphones! 1
This is just the MSM and establishment trying to take down the god emperor 1
That's socialism. 1
We'll thank god that's all over with. 1
Yeah man he's racist against white people because of reasons! 1
I'm not even sure myself.. Actually was being 1
At least it wasn't abortion 1
"Nice to see that ""emergency meeting"" with the RNC heads mellowed Donald so much" 1
Would it just be easier to magically make a few hundred million more people care about politics 1
It's probably because they're the most persecuted group ever in history. 1
But calling them Mexican carries all those negative connotations. 1
"You should get a ""real"" job if you want healthcare!" 1
how about Bill Murray 1
Fuck that being nice to people shit. 1
i thought it was LGTBBQ? 1
So difficult to imagine a Republican lying about the ACA. 1
Oops I left off the tag 1
Oh snap some child on reddit just completely stumped the trump! 1
Because not voting for Clinton means you prefer Trump obviously 1
Google has a serious partisan bias! 1
I'm just waiting for the inevitable 'fake' leak that will prove once and for all that since one leak was fake then we can't trust any of them. 1
"""Putting those lazy welfare babies to work!""" 1
Nice guys finish last 1
Both parties are the same 1
Why doesn't Trump and Ivanka just bang already and make it official? 1
The good trump supporters with guns will shoot the bad black people with guns and it will all be fine. 1
Fat cat teacher unions are destroying America 1
Because rich people stay rich by giving away multiple 100 dollar tips. 1
Well it's obviously because they're a corrupt organization that suppresses the will of the 30% of voters who actually want him to win. 1
Clearly it must have been a mistake 1
This time's different 1
He's just a really generous guy 1
I just hope that they use a oil company with a great record of doing things safe like BP. 1
Then the trickle down economic formula kicked in and now were all well off! 1
She's one of the few who didn't get brainwashed by the leftist professors 1
Too bad the dead can't vote 1
Gotta keep the blacks down somehow 1
Shocker! 1
Making money and taking bribes are the same thing. 1
Trump is the real leftist 1
I thought Hollywood was a liberal propaganda machine 1
But didn't you hear a rapper supports Bernie now so he has the black vote locked up because all blacks vote as one giant group. 1
It's almost as if entertainment has to detach its self from reality a bit to be entertaining. 1
Must have been working for CTR all along! 1
Yay for jury nullification! 1
What a shock! 1
We'll stop kids from smoking by forcing them to smoke a carton of cigarettes! 1
It's all discredited by its *anonymous* direct source that they can't name because someone will threaten their life. 1
Your doing such a great job 1
SMH Obama'll do anything to get us in his FEMA camps 1
Well...he *is* Jewish. 1
2.3 million illegal votes! 1
Christians and Jews had a 600 year head start! 1
And there's also absolutely no way Russia interfered in the election. 1
Just like the one she dug for Scalia before she KILLED HIM. 1
Only if you're referring to a woman and not a woman's reproductive organs. 1
Because saying that you will do something doesn't mean you should then do it. 1
"""It didn't go far enough!""" 1
Yea cause im sure a 74 year old just loves campaigning 12+ hours daily 1
Oh good. 1
winkyface must be the new 1
Since when is landscaping unskilled labor? 1
Maybe I'm a Hillary supporter 1
Bernie only needs to win California by 83/17 to catch up! 1
how progressive 1
Yeah but voter ID laws are a horrible crime against our civil rights. 1
The only thing that could have stopped her was a student with a gun. 1
Cause all drugs come from Mexico 1
did Trump just realize that there is something he owns that would lose lots of money if the steady stream of illegal labor dried up? 1
But the headlines in r/politics told me he's a racist? 1
I think someone doesn't understand fiat money. 1
Why are you attacking religion? 1
Something something identity politics. 1
We should wait until a Muslim attack kills a few thousand Americans before temporarily stopping those refugees or immigrants from coming here. 1
it is horrible that you generalize christians like that ... 1
Because there is no way people hate Trump enough to protest against him. 1
I'm sure his abused ex-wife was just trying to spread bad rumors too. 1
Won't it be crazy if we didn't need charity organisations to take care of the homeless or to help the poor? 1
because otherwise your an anti-semite 1
...So you're saying there's no motive then? 1
Are you suffering immensely at the hands of all of the ungrateful poor trying to take your money? 1
Black people can't be racist. 1
Just like how there are no doctors any more because of malpractice suits. 1
Because Kentucky is such a crucial battleground state 1
yeah veto power over all of that doesn't matter 1
But Trump is like Hitler 2.0 1
The Democrats should totally get rid of the mechanism that prevents independents from sabotaging their party. 1
But he can still get the nomination! 1
But they're costing us all that money that we could be spending on bullets! 1
As long as you do it in clearly delineated free speech zones. 1
That's why I buy 20 lottery tickets every week 1
Trump would never lie or change his story 1
Obama. 1
Lol you think Obama is pushing to invade Iraq I thought he had ISIS people in his cabinet. 1
I hear Facebook has reliable news sources...... 1
Or has he pulled out his inner Xanatos and was planning for this all along? 1
But there are 168 hours in a week they can always work all that time to afford a place to live . 1
Yeah cause Bernie's not left 1
Fuck science go Jesus 1
Money can't trickle down if there are no million/billionaires. 1
Yeah repeating republican lies makes Hillary the dishonest one 1
Instead the pot should have called the kettle African American as it's more PC. 1
So when do we invade Iran? 1
Jesus specifically spoke to GWB to tell him to invade Iraq. 1
Real insightful analysis of our political history there. 1
Wow.. Now all those voters you just insulted will definitely vote for Hillary! 1
Personally I can't back him because he thinks that Star Trek was better than Star Wars. 1
How did Obama have the time for this while he was busy taking everyone's guns away and apologizing to our enemies? 1
She can't be a feminist she's already a Republican 1
Yeah obviously she used $6 million to hire +5k people to vote and post on reddit for 5 months straight for a whooping 66 cents per hour 1
Big news in the next two minutes! 1
Maybe he will appoint a manager from Buffalo Wild Wings! 1
We thank your people for your votes. 1
He only seems to be attracting them. 1
Yes but in wieners defense you can't believe everything someone tells you on the Internet 1
but EVERYONE knows that politifact is biased. 1
Sounds like they where getting shitfaced. 1
Then the Pentagon is clearly a liberal organization that must be disregarded. 1
The patriarchy 1
Proper ID would solve this major problem. 1
I guess I should have used a 1
Add 1
Oh I love that store! 1
But then the poors might vote! 1
What do they know! 1
"Change the word ""allowed"" to ""required"" and you've got it." 1
Only if you identify as male 1
Sounds pretty sexist to me. 1
Yea...but Halliburton stock has never been higher! 1
yeah she's totally going to break up the big banks 1
breaking news tanks are the most advanced weaponry in the US arsenal 1
I thought it was Obama who was responsible for the death squads 1
It's not starving if it's ramen! 1
It's simple: end corporations and let the economy sort it out. 1
That makes him smart 1
How else do you think the number stayed less than 100 1
it's a good thing voter fraud is only a myth 1
Politics and the medical field are so similar thanks for showing me the light 1
She was just rounding it off to a nice even number 1
Evolution is science talk! 1
Never heard that one before. 1
Yes it's so shocking how Ben Carson didn't get the nom 1
BUT DO YOU HAVE A RECEIPT FOR THAT MONEY? 1
Ya think? 1
The GOP is totally crazy and incompetent... except when they have a conspiracy to determine the outcome of the democratic nomination. 1
Maybe it should be? 1
I bet Obama is going to call for socialized police now. 1
Butbutbut they LET HIM DO IT so it wasn't assault! 1
but dont worry he's going to change the system so rich people like him can't rig the system 1
He's a communist who will give free stuff to lazy people/ immigrants! 1
I thought the altright weren't violent. 1
This doesn't seem like Poe's Law applies. 1
Easy fix: just give them some (more) tax breaks to offset their losses. 1
He's more of a feminist 1
We should hold every company accountable for anything bad that happens especially when they're not at fault at all 1
I think I'll run right out and donate $50 to Bernie because he really has a chance. 1
But those young'uns don't bother voting! 1
Countries only spy on those that have spy agencies. 1
dont worry once automation takes over the country is going to have 300 million tech jobs 1
Yea - We need a reddit kill switch. 1
You are exactly right... those little bastards should be made to suffer for the moral transgressions of their mother... that is the only right and good way to go. 1
Oh the children. 1
Emails. 1
This election has taught me Hillary Clinton is the most powerful person to have ever lived. 1
Don't you know that all of our universities are liberal cesspools 1
OBOOMBA IS BREAKING PEOPLE! 1
But surely that's impossible! 1
Looks like Republicans just lost the union vote... 1
But think about the children! 1
You expect her to remember what issues were important for the gay community 30 years before she needed their vote? 1
But we can't let the knife industry get away with it! 1
You can't criticize the President in a time of war! 1
But think of all the value we've gotten for that money. 1
they caught the hacker though so everything is good! 1
That we're all poor faggots 1
I thought IT was about shuttling pulses of data around. 1
ya-huh... that's totally what liberals think 1
It totally is if you *really* want it to be.. you just need to *believe*! 1
But anyone who notices is just a pie in the sky berni bot who doesnt know how the 'real world' works so its fine. 1
We found a dissenter 1
because bernie would have weakened the fda. 1
And we should all never question anyone because they won an award once. 1
Obviously you are not working hard enough. 1
Who cares if a foreign government hijacked our election when someone used emails! 1
BUT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR TRUMP 1
Because it hasn't happened before... 1
I couldn't possibly see this inciting anyone to violence against democratically elected members of parliament. 1
But as member of the nobility isn't this his right? 1
I'm glad he's so committed to the ideals of small government. 1
Fucking SOCIALISM! 1
But what about all the jobs created.... 1
She sounds fun. 1
source? 1
It's the American way 1
Yeah having to prove you're a citizen sucks. 1
Well... Will it be televised? 1
We could publicly admit the need for Militia incuded in the U. S. Constitution was predicated by the need to suppress any rebellion by those grateful to be enslaved black folks. 1
I'm almost positive that the washington 10 year plan involved deporting all of your homeless to portland as quickly as possible 1
very smart people are saying the russians did it 1
"It's ok because Trump will get rid of political correctness and ""urban"" people will be put in their place." 1
Who would have guessed there would be white knights in a liberal circlejerk? 1
Clearly Toddlers are the problem here. 1
Yay War on Drugs! 1
I wondered who NYDN was going to endorse. 1
My fee fees :( 1
Both sides are the same! 1
Pointing out that a woman is lying is sexist 1
But it's only fair to give Breitbart and Russian state media equal consideration to the Times and Post. 1
Oh well that's OK then 1
But both parties are the same 1
Wow the Clintons are suck dicks. 1
Must be true cuz republicans have never tried to politicize the deaths of Americans or terrorism before. 1
Because we totally have a choice of wether or not to use the electoral college 1
What a down to Earth guy we can all relate to 1
How can they know it is fracking chemicals if the fracking chemical ingredients are trade secrets the companies aren't required to disclose? 1
I think you forgot this: 1
Whoa shit tons of reasons and opportunities to get him mental help or have him forcibly treated for mental illness....but oh wait...its the guns fault...yep..all gun owners need to be punished now 1
Only because the liberal media is keeping a lid on it. 1
What a shock 1
Why can't they just use holes in the ground? 1
Yeah but if we could just write letters. 1
I'm sooo glad a tiny minority can be covered now at the expense of the ***overwhelming*** majority! 1
I am sure Wisconsin democrats are ready to take voting advice from Breitbart. 1
why did you repeat yourself? 1
msnbc doesn't count... 1
It's politically correct m8 1
But climate changes is a scam! 1
right - because the post-pension crowd is responsibly managing their 401ks right now and investing a little extra on the side to make up for possible Social Security reductions. 1
it's certainly very objective to assume that none of the people who are staying home share the same viewpoint as the protesters 1
Nice ad hominem 1
Can't wait! 1
Maybe we could go back to leaded gasoline too. 1
Zero chance. 1
"""...who want to give your money to ~~Obama~~ selfish welfare cows who drive Cadillacs and eat lobster but continue having children to stay on the gov't dole.""" 1
Somebody call that Deare guy! 1
We also tax the importation of things like sugarcane to the point of impracticality - yayyy high fructose corn syrup! 1
BUT DIDN'T YOU KNOW PROMOTING OUR OWN COUNTRY FIRST IS TOTALLY LIKE HITLER AND HATEFUL 1
Technically they had the same medical plan as their owners: don't get sick 1
You're right we should all just stop talking about the Secretary of State position completely until he announces one 1
Yeah Hitler really was a swell dude. 1
Certainly no double-standard there. 1
But what about unifying the party! 1
Maybe with a Romney Presidency we will get a Deuce Bigalow 3. 1
Yet supposedly Lee Harvey Oswald and Rafael Cruz pulled it off all by themselves. 1
one could argue that is how we ended up in the position we are in with Monsanto follow the money to be honest I would gladly have you/anyone locked up if it meant I got paid 1
That is too darn hard. 1
You forgot the 1
I expect this man will immediately have his security clearances revoked and will be under intense House investigation 1
Because if there's anything history has taught us it's that people love to give up their religions and conform with the majority without putting up a fight at all! 1
I fear this might tarnish the glimmering reputation of an otherwise unimpeachable news source. 1
I wonder if CNN and FOX are Anti-Semitic. 1
Ha ha ha.... Not noted cause it doesn't fit my agenda 1
They might have to volunteer for a search party to find your kids body that was dumped by those roving gangs of bandits all the fuck over. 1
Yeah I mean in a democracy the person with 3 million more votes should always lose. 1
I'm sure the fossil fuel industry knows the science better than the actual scientists. 1
We have never trickled enough 1
AKA manifest destiny 1
B..BUT THE PEOPLE NEED DA TRUTH! 1
I can't believe the gays did this to him! 1
I have some derivatives that say otherwise. 1
Solid response 1
"Yeah because those positions are all things these here ""leftists"" support" 1
Hmmmm... I guess hiring the CEO to be your campaign CEO may be more cost effective than giving money... Trump is a brilliant business man! 1
Trump fought his own personal Vietnam. 1
Too soon. 1
well they are the Mexican asisan amirite 1
We let immigrants vote now? 1
But.....but.... both parties are the same! 1
Yep obviously they just went missing and she had no idea 1
Oh no he's racist again 1
You left off the 1
Strip clubs don't have ugly employees and I don't see have anyone complaining. 1
But if even one life is saved 1
I guess everyone who makes money on speeches to banks and other groups must be in their pocket. 1
Ted Cruz is running? 1
Becuase the republicans are so wonderful on climate change issues 1
I would definitely ignore the whole article because of a single word. 1
Awwwwww and he was so close too 1
There is no lengths he won't go to. 1
We did it reddit! 1
Isn't that what the Planned Parenthood was doing? 1
You mean Arnold? 1
"Nothing like Republicans supporting the ""free"" market." 1
Yeah but everyone knows trickle down economics works 1
... Yes because obamacare is the most egregious violation of the above proposed law of ALL TIME! 1
Well the tea-party protester reached out with an 'advice'! 1
But we all know climate change is a Chinese hoax. 1
Oh yeah I'm sure a cartoon frog is a hate symbol for sure 1
Because no one has ever organized criminal activities from prison 1
Lol you forgot the 1
But.. but.. Trump is anti-establishment! 1
The reason is because Bill Clinton got a blowjob. 1
What's a middle class? 1
What an apt comparison 1
DUH! 1
No wonder trump never mentions any polls 1
They should've studied STEM. 1
Because threatening the women your husband raped is absolutely an okay thing to do. 1
Fox: Always respected as a beacon of due diligence.... 1
Assumed 1
I assume Trump supports it. 1
CHANGE THE WOLD NOW *by signing this petition* . 1
Maybe if we allow for police torture things will get better! 1
Just go watch The Big Short you'll be an expert in no time 1
He surely is draining the swamp with his picks. 1
I am glad to know that policy only affects people of voting age. 1
Doesn't matter BE AFRAID VOTE TRUMP 1
All hail the Queen. 1
and the government represents the people 1
Who would have thought the Japanese would be so sensitive about nukes? 1
but they were brown.. same difference right? 1
R.I.N.O. 1
How very patriotic of you 1
Hillary Clinton 1
Because only women can represent women 1
Jamie Dimon for Treasury is a great sign of that 1
Yeah but at least Hitler killed Hitler. 1
She'll clean them with a sponge 1
That'll trickle down to my tax bracket aaaannnnnnnnnnnyyyyyyy day now.... 1
You're a real freedom fighter 1
"I'm sure it's only a matter of time before the President ""snaps"" and kills his entire family." 1
Fair and Balanced as always. 1
Clearly a whitelash 1
Maybe she had the dirt on Clinton 1
Thanks Reagan. 1
This is liberal bias! 1
"""Thank you for your sacrifice and service.""" 1
Common American practice late 1800's and early 1900's...just waiting for the rest of the world to catch up! 1
But he hasn't actually done it so we can just ignore that! 1
You missed vampire and possessed. 1
You're right people usually bargain for immunity when they've done nothing wrong 1
but they'd totally support her in a general election. 1
If the fetus were incorporated as a company it would have corporate personhood. 1
Obviously he us going for the presidency for a pay raise and no other reason 1
TIL that Timothy McVeigh was a Muslim. 1
Yeah well you hate trump supporters so clearly both sides are just as bad as each other 1
Probably be charged with theft if the land owner does not promptly clean up the oil and return it. 1
but to drain it we will have to make it deeper. 1
Minorities can't be racist you silly privileged white person. 1
Dont worry I am sure the corporate news will show the story 1
you mean the obviously leftist lamestream media? 1
They should just be grateful they work in the greatest country in the world! 1
They don't know they're voting against their own interests 1
Now can we call him a nazi? 1
Make time square great again! 1
Damn foreigners influencing our elections! 1
Pray for divine retribution. 1
Yea cause there is no tech in Texas 1
That was clearly people firing people to get financially ready for having a Democrat president. 1
It's much better your president lies to get you into a war than to keep people from finding out you let a fat girl blow you. 1
Also neither one of them was actually an American! 1
Because the Democratic party is the same party as it was back then. 1
nuh uh 1
well its about time. 1
Deport him! 1
that's Trumps fault for being literally Hitler 1
Yeah but Hillary emails 1
Isn't that capitalism? 1
...with the full force of the United States Military. 1
)))HH((( 1
Non-Christian societies have never supported patriarchy 1
Hillary claims she isn't influenced by all that money they are just paying her to improve our lives with a good raise in the minimum wage and better health care with less profits. 1
Keep your gubmint hands off my Medicare! 1
Oh ya the Feds will definitely get right on that 1
They are very well organized. 1
He is behind everything that is bad for this country. 1
But it is her time and I'm with her... 1
you forgot the 1
If we kill off some of the takers there is more for the makers. 1
Yes because the Texas legislature is a valiant defender of 21th century progressive and secular values. 1
You forgot the 1
... we should abolish the EPA 1
But Trump never lies! 1
But... but he's not supporting down ballot candidates! 1
It worked out so well in Kansas and Sam Brownback. 1
And the swing voters will come around in droves. 1
They're worried that our propaganda station might be answering to the government ? 1
You forgot the 1
Well thank goodness we have a completely unbiased organization like WikiLeaks working for our best interest! 1
But Hillary lost because liberals r mean 1
What about financial engineers 1
But the polls are tightening! 1
Young people it's not like they were going to vote Dem anyways 1
~~Conspiracy theories...~~ FAKE NEWS 1
But spending several orders of magnitude more on warfare is perfectly reasonable. 1
See it's hypnotic BECAUSE it's repetitive. 1
You clearly don't care about gay people. 1
That'll change their minds 1
So you're saying you aren't a hot chick with nice boobs? 1
Pence will make better decisions anyway. 1
Ron Paul 2016! 1
Love trump's hate. 1
You forgot this one: 1
$30k with student loans sure is a sweet deal! 1
That is why we need more tax cut for the job creators to create more jobs duh 1
Riiiight.. that must be it. 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
Another hippie Dem that doesn't want to keep us safe. 1
But CNN is fair and reliable 1
Because Jerry Brown has really done wonders for those of us in California.... 1
But Jews aren't American so they're not eligible. 1
Maybe it is PTSD from the time she came under fire ... 1
Clearly an assassination attempt by pro-Trump police officers. 1
He was being tolerant. 1
Because there's nothing smarter for Russia to do than start a war with its most important trading partners. 1
There goes the neighborhood 1
No 1
Don't you know that youtube videos are the only legitimate source of information? 1
This is what happens when you elect Trump. 1
Man responsible for knife attacks points out the victims are bleeding. 1
You see your problem is you're *thinking it through* and citing *practical examples* - you need to feel more anger and knee jerk to form proper policies. 1
rekt 1
So that must mean you're a white supremacist neck beard with a law degree? 1
I think that this is a pretty obvious 1
ITS ALL THE LIBERALS FAULT 1
Electric cars are too dangerous for the environment you know 1
She's just another uninformed bernie bro. 1
The goddamn immigrants for daring to live near my land 1
Clearly you just don't get sarcasm. 1
Don't you know journalists are only supposed to publish information if it _promotes_ the government's agenda? 1
If God wanted this environment saved he would have miracled it's ass to another planet! 1
Just like genocide. 1
Considering that using an AutoPen meets the burden of an actual signature on a Constitutional level I would guess that your objection about *autographed memorabilia* would without merit 1
Idk maybe Breitbart and Infowars 1
I'd like to know what Sirhan Sirhan and Lynette Fromme think about the candidates and what other things they think can be improved. 1
Omarosa should be a hit with SJWs 1
God forbid we change the system so that people's votes count equally no matter where they live! 1
If only cameras were still around to record things people said and did... That would be marvelous. 1
Jill Stein is just so qualified 1
Now we can teach those kids a lesson! 1
Hitler and a holocaust and we still had to fake a moon landing. 1
Female named storms trigger me. 1
Because Rick Perry's name is one of his policies. 1
Yeah they have lots of Palm trees in Iowa. 1
Yup every other politician is totally truthful especially that Hillary fellow. 1
I divorced my wife and married my lawnmower because of gay marriage 1
Sounds like a good Christian man exercising his God-given right to make his wife submit to his status as the head of the household. 1
But it's so good for business.... 1
But my SCOTUS seats! 1
Just being a good businessman 1
usa beacon of democracy 1
I view a poll done by The Knights of Columbus as being scientifically accurate 1
Fossil fuel produced electro shock so that's ok. 1
Old news. 1
Okay guess I'll just take your word for it. 1
security review* 1
Nah I'm sure it was the farthest thing from their minds... 1
I'm sure it'll be on Infowars later on today. 1
Bernie is obviously just a CTR shill. 1
It's super problematic to expect a woman to get up and field questions that she hasn't consented to you shitlord. 1
You forgot the 1
Tall buildings are just suicide magnets. 1
You underestimate his power! 1
Or that Bernie will only win them whitey states 1
You got to love those zero tolerance policies. 1
Thank you for your intelligent and well reasoned argument against the NRA's stance towards gun control. 1
If only she had some experience with being attacked. 1
He has great respect for the office. 1
rigged! 1
Hey those 22 emails a day were those stupid chain emails old people send 1
Shouldn't have dressed like a slut. 1
Third party candidates are disruptive to the narrative and only serve to confuse people who want to think they really have options. 1
FYI you are missing the 1
Vote Trump since he isn't financed by the gun manufacturers! 1
It's genetic. 1
Holy shit Noam walks with the peasants today! 1
And historically Chicago *never* had problems with gun violence! 1
So spineless to endorse a candidate from the same party. 1
Their mistake was not properly planting a gun in the car. 1
Thanks for reading the headline and not the actual article before commenting! 1
Yes obviously it is the cause and not a by-product of economic sinkholes like failed left wing policies such as forced immigration. 1
If these people were winners they wouldn't be former officials 1
Oh *that's* exactly what Trump needs. 1
Source? 1
This is shocking! 1
But Cruz cares... because he fights for the important stuff! 1
Naw we just need some new blood in the office that will tell it like it is and stir things up! 1
A real SEAL body would have rejected the bullet. 1
Well at least the democrats stance on the truly important issues like gay marriage is different! 1
He just did this so he can take even more guns away! 1
Just like the good old days of slavery. 1
Prohibition has worked wonders with stopping all these issues so i suppose we should continue on this path! 1
Yeah let's stick with The Clinton strategy : sending thousands of innocent poor Americans to lay down their lives to intervene in a war where both sides hate us and we're just trying to 'help' 1
They might be jealous of how he is one of the healthiest people to ever run for president. 1
I hope it was clear that I was being sarcastic; I just can't bring myself to use the 1
Unlike the world's best businessman and presidential candidate... Donald Trump 1
But how would you humiliate those ~~poor~~ lazy people who ~~can't find~~ won't work? 1
Yeah republicans have never said anything racist about Obama 1
Maybe he was just being sarcastic? 1
but nowhere does he mention deep sea fishing rights 1
Wingers are just so damn funny! 1
Well that's just ridiculous. 1
"I think it was because someone in the republican party suddenly realised ""The Pledge"" was a pile of steaming crap." 1
It's a liberal conspiracy 1
Men don't either. 1
This is bush's fault! 1
Good thing you didn't relay any of those stories because none of use are interested in them. 1
Al who? 1
What about the nail clipper bomber? 1
Facts do have an annoying liberal bias 1
I think Obama wrote this because he hates America 1
Must be another The_Donald brigade 1
He ended the birther movement remember? 1
Shillbots always deflect accusations looking for the evidence. 1
Bernie or bust lives on! 1
Well duh Romney is of Mexican heritage (his father was born in Mexico). 1
I like how you refuse to stop them from doing drugs and shitting on the American flag just because they are seven 1
You antisemite... 1
Money well spent. 1
Those last meals can be pretty damn expensive. 1
[*Looks back too all those times the same was said about Obama*] Yeah you are totally right! 1
At least the Fox News audience isn't a hivemind. 1
Can't really compare a push or shove to being waterboarded. 1
Sad! 1
sounds like liberal shit to me 1
I'm so happy to see someone standing strong for their principles! 1
I'm digging the username.. 1
That's almost 1/4th! 1
Yahoo is so rightwing these days. 1
You're still going to hell for that... 1
But his Republican response to Obama's State of the Union speech was so awesome! 1
Make America great again! 1
It would be cheaper just to shoot anyone you think is a criminal. 1
WE DID IT REDDIT! 1
Perhaps outlawing root canals will make people better flossers. 1
If we eliminate entitlements and they buy their own money poverty will disappear! 1
USA USA USA 1
"Do you not see the ""Clinton"" in the title?" 1
But Trump theologians told me that NosTRUMPamus meant illegal immigrants. 1
But trickle down economics dude. 1
The TPP and NAFTA are pure socialist policies! 1
You forgot 1
What a mature and well-constructed rant.. 1
Then we can make sure the Riggers are unable to vote in every state and not just the southern ones. 1
But remember that Hillary is the real liar. 1
He was dealing with economic anxiety so it's understandable. 1
the Christians were right...he is the next coming of Jesus! 1
But God told George W. Bush to invade Iraq. 1
And they are the first ones to realize how to appropriately apply the Constitution in relation to laws that have been present since at least 1971. 1
Well they have to cheat in order to prevent voter-fraud! 1
But I thought crooked Hillary was the one colluding with the media. 1
He just wants to protect the good black people from the bad black people. 1
yeah it's so limited right now and they're not doing exactly what they want to do 1
Because everybody had a fair chance to vote in the primaries. 1
Not if you're a star. 1
They would be if they'd pulled on their bootstraps harder and not died. 1
Cause why not go out with some class? 1
It's all bernie bros! 1
if you dont like it you can leave 1
I need my president to have a tight 15 and good improv skills. 1
You dropped this 1
Today I learned a podiatrist is part of the mental health system 1
She made that choice when she accepted Jesus into her heart! 1
because he never held any rallies in retirement homes where Clinton gets most of her supporters 1
Because it's going to all trickle down to the masses. 1
Good thing Congress won't act on him! 1
B.b.but the Vast Right Wing Conspiracy! 1
You forgot the 1
Well I for one think it is economically damaging to protest against making America great again. 1
"His Holiness went on to say that ""all those murderous strumpets that miss this window are still damned to burn for eternity.""" 1
I forgot Israel has us by the balls and can manipulate us to do their every whim 1
What an awesome human being.... 1
I wonder if the GOP will come to the rescue? 1
Because being prepared is definitely an undesirable quality to have in your nation's leader. 1
Let's ban voting until we can figure out what the hell is going on. 1
You forgot to 1
"Yes I'm sure one of her campaign platforms is ""no jobs for the middle class"" that sure does make a lot of sense doesn't it?" 1
you left out the 1
The USA should just follow NK's example and ban sarcasm 1
But the fact that the barista that served Bernie Sanders coffee yesterday mentioned that he should be president deserves at least 5000 upvotes how can't you understand this 1
Economic powerhouses 1
"down with ""obamacore""" 1
You forgot the 1
Right because the USPS is amazingly good at what it does. 1
Bomb 'em! 1
got to love conservative political correctness 1
You might want to add a 1
But what about all those European countries that are undergoing massive waves of protests to switch to a healthcare system like ours? 1
You paid for it with taxes and taxes are bad! 1
liberty only applies to unfettered access to military weaponry for anyone currently within the borders of the US 1
China and Mexico there beating us after all 1
Well obviously you're just a paid shill! 1
It's not voter fraud if it's not happening in the inner cities. 1
I'm sure it's nothing more than a *Campaign Contribution Security Review*. 1
They're just providing some alternate facts to counter the prevailing reality-based model. 1
I'm surprised he's not an expert on the military considering his proud history of military service to our great country. 1
You are ***so*** wrong. 1
I would have NEVER thought'd be the case.... 1
Luckily Gitmo is closed. 1
What's the point of being atheist if old people still tell you what to do? 1
Bachmann told you Sharia Law was coming to America! 1
History has proved harassment and threats work. 1
a 6 year death spasm....that is almost as long as a Sting tantric orgasm! 1
Calling a woman sexist is sexist. 1
She should totally turn to Reddit and heed it's advice. 1
Well then she should be paying child support. 1
yay for big business 1
"But it's all okay because 'independent expenditures' don't ""give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption""." 1
Oh wow I'm so excited for the ability to have no control over how much I donate! 1
You should really hire a lawyer to find a legal loophole around that... 1
He's still whining. 1
what wold Carson know about sensing victory? 1
Because people will flock to those jobs if only they become available. 1
If he were *more* polite I'm sure GOP would listen to him. 1
I'm so surprised that our models put together using last generation tech didn't pan out. 1
Something something sexism for implying women can't drive cars 1
"More evidence of the ""War on Christianity.""" 1
This must be why she's been charged with and convicted of so many crimes. 1
I think you dropped this: 1
"TIL ""Checks and Balances"" means having a direct responsibility over the actions and productivity of another branch of government." 1
Good they should be punished 1
Its a good thing Obama spent the last 8 years building all those FEMA prison camps. 1
I mean he's sacrificed so much by building so many wonderful structures. 1
God damn millenials are all for working from home unless it's trump 1
u/thecalculatorman stop holding water for Putin 1
After all he is the first Muslim president 1
you forgot the 1
Liberal lies 1
See you at the front page! 1
Pfft... there are also witnesses saying to go-cart 'Came right at' the car.. what were they doing there anyway? 1
Because austerity programs always work. 1
But this is different 1
Heil Trump! 1
Thank god for the Republican's relentless defense of the 2nd amendment... at least those of us with guns will still have a puncher's chance! 1
He's going to get the Mid-Eastern vote! 1
How dare you be so unpatriotic? 1
well I guess that lays things to rest! 1
But if someone is bad you must treat them as 100% wrong. 1
FREE SHIT HURR DURR 1
You mean the totally unbiased and factual link posted that cites actual sources? 1
Yay for online volunteer polling! 1
You have the liberty to be any type of Christian you want. 1
Hey she still cares about the people of Flint. 1
Because those pregnancies caused by car accidents are such a big problem. 1
I fucking love that the media is so negative towards Obama ... when they gave such praise to Bush and that *really* worked in their favor ... 1
very helpful... thanks. 1
you forgot the 1
Yeah I'm sure that Putin wasn't chuckling in the background or anything 1
YEAH AND THATLL BE EASY BECAUSE THE SOUTHERN STATES DONT MATTER AND THE REST OF THE CONTESTS ARE ALL BERNIE TURF 1
that would disenfranchise the poor who don't have access to internet or computers 1
I'm sure the that's just more money the .001% would pay for right? 1
No we just assume ALL AMERICAN CHRISTIAN EVANGELISTS are intolerant jerks. 1
Quarters. 1
We can't waste an opportunity to politicize bad parenting! 1
Low energy! 1
Right that makes sense 1
Corporations are people. 1
This is much more important than giving me my $27 back. 1
American presidents sure have brokered a lot of 'peace' in recent memory. 1
A guy tweeted it so it must be true! 1
And in such short prose we have the intellectual heft of liberals. 1
you left out all the pedo pizza places they own 1
Not only will she support it...but you'll find out that in reality she was the conductor of the anti discrimination train the entire time 1
To help her transition to prison? 1
Repost. 1
Hey don't bring your fucking *logic* in here 1
Unless it's smoking the reefer by those dirty hippies 1
Homophobia raises it's evil head. 1
Why do you hate poor people? 1
What does this have to do with Bernie Sanders? 1
You misspelled Clinton Foundation 1
Obviously you are living beyond your means and need to cut back or work harder 1
Amazing how President Obama hypnotized the Republicans into passing that so they'd look like the bad guys here. 1
The side that doesn't give things to people for free! 1
You stereotyped them all as brown you fucking racist 1
Surely Obama will do something about this. 1
But they aren't counting the economic boom that would result and fix that! 1
Its ok if its not Islam. 1
Maybe a CTR shill? 1
Because he sounds like he has done his research and he's a youtuber. 1
Where is Sam Fischer? 1
McCarthyism! 1
No Poland has never been invaded and is great friends with Russians and Germans. 1
I can't wait for Ted Nugent's video 1
Yea these cool paper air planes will surely win them the arms race. 1
God forbid that justice should be moral. 1
Clearly this is why it is better to have local communities with all the power. 1
Any Republican. 1
Targeting jews on the internet is totally different from targeting jews in real life. 1
they're only defending themselves from trying to control people's lives under the guise of spirituality.. i mean come on guys. 1
Wow what a commanding lead. 1
Well that would obviously be because Obama made America so terrible in his 8 years that Donald would need 8 to right the ship. 1
but they both are god fearing men so they must be good 1
you racist! 1
I cannot imagine why 1
His personal Vietnam of sleeping around during a time of dangerous STD's should give him a pass on those deferments. 1
I'm waiting for the gridlock as they begin to obstruct and fight within themselves and against trump.... if you're a politition its what you do... save over $500 on car insurance 1
Probably time for a japanese compact import. 1
I'm sure this thread will go a long way toward proving him wrong. 1
We can always go for husband and wife teams for each position 1
They should have to wear a Star and Crescent on their arm so we know who they are. 1
But having a temper tantrum instead will REALLY show them! 1
wow....Woodward and Berstein shit right here.....great job Fox 1
But Bernie supporters are perfect saints who would never resort to tactics like this 1
found the IT expert aaaaand a 1
Pretty much all the presidential candidates have had indictments drafted right before the elections and pretty much most candidates have had staff given immunity as well / it's a big nothing burger and par the course when you run for president with a huge right wing conspiracy coming after you 1
Yes of course I trust my state government who are just as screwed up if not more. 1
Yeah because being poor is all due to laziness. 1
Good thing we have an electoral system where all 50 states get a say! 1
"I'm sure Sanders supporters would be gladly supporting Clinton-supporters ""protest-voting"" had he won the nomination." 1
I bet you're fun to hang out with. 1
Because you aren't thinking about THE CHILDREN! 1
Yeah that was all her doing and NOT the speech writer 1
So proud of my home state... 1
Typical BERNIE BRO talking points. 1
Excel is Satan's tool! 1
OUR GLORIOUS LEADER RON PAUL WAS THE ONLY HOPE MANKIND HAD! 1
But will he lead us into the wars were already in as well? 1
who could have seen this coming? 1
Perhaps we should have a multi year multi million dollar investigation to find out. 1
"Because the first law of Libertarianism is ""Thou shall not have human rights.""" 1
You always have to hire the person with the highest SAT scores. 1
Dan Bilzerian for President 2020. 1
It was also rigged and his foundation did way better according to unnamed sources. 1
In a completely fair and unbiased primary! 1
At least the trains will run on time. 1
If you wanted to have a social life you shouldn't have been poor. 1
but that wouldn't make him smart. 1
Stay classy GOP 1
"But ""Christian Persecution""." 1
Sheesh. 1
cuz they racist 1
Yeah this is good for America 1
Yeah coming from a country who fabricated and master minded the yuuuge climate change lie. 1
A true victory for democracy 1
Maybe they should build their Islamic Center in New York city they are way more understanding and socially diverse there. 1
Yes technology is far worse. 1
Oh and I am certain people love their work and feel well treated. 1
Not a nasty woman. 1
Should have waited his turn like everyone else 1
That sounds just. 1
But that's acceptable because it's Clinton 1
But... I thought the defunding health benefits would stop people from needing the services they had? 1
I'm sure you didn't just pull that out of your ass 1
Boy I'm glad to see they are saving money by limiting how many fax machines the DoD can have! 1
Also riots in Charlotte. 1
I am sure all the public schools are happy with his Secretary of Education pick... 1
Those people clearly aren't smart enough to understand what is in their best interest 1
But they have the right to work! 1
I wonder why..... 1
Oh well at least you example is comparable in scale and effect. 1
that shit was savage 1
Logical as fuck. 1
How disgusting! 1
Teachers want to make politicians' jobs dependent on GDP scores. 1
TIL the chair of the DNC resigned for no reason 1
We should blame that on the jews. 1
It's okay our lord and savior Trump of Nazareth will change the constitution by drinking all the liberal tears. 1
yeah judging people on what they literally said is always dishonest. 1
Yes because everyone knows luxury hotels can only survive in fucking Delaware of all places 1
His respect for women is the best 1
surely all the hundreds and thousands of protesters will use their hard earned money at local businesses around 1
Clearly their imprisonment was ok since it stopped those young black males from potentially committing crimes! 1
Aaaany day now. 1
She was probably hired by the democrats to make republicans look bad. 1
Let the Supreme Court Decide like they did Florida 1
Assuming any country could have a better election process than the U.S. 1
Ten feet higher! 1
Why don't the just remove math while they're at it. 1
Oh you can bet they'll feel that dozen person drop in ratings. 1
I don't see what the problem is... the head of the DNC was only taking money from predatory payday loan companies. 1
I don't need nor want sympathy from the white devil. 1
Everybody knows that ABC is part of the vast right wing conspiracy. 1
But Yoga pants are to emphasis that a male should be looking at a woman rather than a man. 1
You must hate women 1
"I also support the ""Rally to Restore Fear""" 1
Apparently it pays pretty well to be a protester. 1
Who doesn't approve of a president who seeks political points by kicking a company (sony) when they are down. 1
Naww she just received...excessive support from the DNC 1
Just think how much easier your life would be if you were homeless and didn't bother eating though! 1
You cant be sexist against men 1
yeah but most of them were for his birth certificate. 1
That's because the system is rigged against him and the Establishment hates him and people in the south are clearly low information voters who don't know what's good for them. 1
Give that man a purple heart! 1
but Denmark is better 1
But posting on Reddit and the internet gives me the same sense of satisfaction as doing something but with less work. 1
You mean people have managed to make tons of money in a business and continuously work the system in their favor understand how laws work and how to get around them? 1
Why do we care what disease her doctor has? 1
Because they will be millionaires like Romney one day! 1
Glad my Nexus 5 has a removable battery..... 1
Well if they weren't so lazy they could have just gone out and gotten another job at any time 1
As long as them dang dems get out of office! 1
A president not doing what they said while running.. SHOCKING 1
But Bernie supports him! 1
Right because they've always been so great to Hillary 1
Because we're such a peaceful people. 1
TIL that rich white Americans are a monolith and secretly agreed to split their support amongst Democrats and the GOP to maintain their iron grip on our nation. 1
Because your stupid and only the government knows what's best for you. 1
But paid protestors have led me to believe that active mil/vets hate Trump! 1
Just like that time in Boston. 1
"We can call them ""Concentration Neighborhoods""" 1
"They both have ""State"" in the title." 1
Crooked Hillary strikes again! 1
I hope she learned a good thing or two after the war on the east too. 1
Calling half of your base ridiculous is not childish or stupid at all 1
"Ya because when you hear ""economically efficient strategy"" you think of the US government..." 1
Well *snopes* says the secret service loved the Clintons so it must be true! 1
Yeah -- I'm sure sending that letter to scumbag Issa will start the investigation ROLLING! 1
yeah... they should just all go to emergency rooms or die. 1
What a clever and insightful response. 1
People having the right to live healthy lives without corporations taking in huge profits from their well-being is a communist plot 1
Success! 1
But they surveyed people on the phone! 1
Because those are the sole statements protestors are using... 1
You forgot the 1
Well obviously a Hillary shill then 1
Don't forget gays/trans that want to fondle our kids in bathrooms! 1
Damn that California debate really would have given Sanders the edge he needs 1
Yes we all know Hillary's long record of raising her numbers over the course of a campaign 1
Now this is a fresh hot take 1
None of this is as bad as an email server. 1
Because listening to an incompetent telco lobbyist is the *greatest* idea when it comes to determining the future of the internet. 1
But Nooooo they are the Liburl media they would never do something like that. 1
At least he's not as bad as ISIS 1
I know I'm shocked. 1
i'm sure this is the first time anyone's thought of this 1
As long as it wasn't a gun everything is getting better! 1
##My heart bleeds for for you. 1
Yeah man - now if only Jimmy Fallon could raise good points while still being wacky and likable! 1
but...what about jesus and hating gays? 1
But emails.... Clinton is corrupt! 1
How else do you conduct a cover up? 1
And the other 2 are not 1
Why should flat-earthers have to pay for NASA? 1
Partisan Hacks..... 1
IT COULD STILL GO TO BERNIE 1
But how does that justify Sanders telling his supporters they should riot in the streets? 1
Now her burgers will be even more delicious. 1
Greenspan worked out pretty well for us. 1
I am sure you are telling Trump supporters the same things right? 1
NSA surveillance has thwarted sooo many ISIS acts. 1
I should have included the 1
Obviously his donation to mother Russia. 1
Which isn't at all skewed by Rubio's race for president this year 1
I definitely saw that as well 1
You dropped this 1
That they only reimburse 5 dollars of that 100 dollar saline IV flush. 1
Fuck Ron Paul and his consistent pursuit of common sense to solve issues. 1
Here's your 1
And Obama is the antichrist so of course he'd want to limit foreign aid to Israel 1
...but what about poll workers? 1
Oh yeah cause Obama did so much 'fundamental transforming' these last four years 1
They're not true Christians tho. 1
But the Civil War wasn't fought over slavery 1
But shooting one is scary and loud! 1
I wasn't talking about the size of my dick or anything. 1
But what if I don't WANT free money? 1
They should round those protesters up and put them in some kind of camp. 1
Still waiting... 1
Big Surprise. 1
If it's not broke why fix it? 1
Yeah but did he hide some emails? 1
"""B..b...but you shouldn't be allowed to call us hypocrites!""" 1
Yes. 1
No it's the same because it makes me feel better about my party's obvious obstructionism! 1
umm i'm pretty sure all official DNC memos are send out as text messages 1
Nothing like raw data to rile up Journalists. 1
Anyone that says anything bad about this article is a shill! 1
Clearly you should stop being poor and work harder 1
Sanders has gotten concessions! 1
But Nader blah blah blah. 1
What a cuck! 1
So excited for her to change her mind once she doesn't have to pander! 1
She's got evil in her heart. 1
Ban all cars! 1
What did you expect from the Zodiac Killer? 1
What he has been doing has been working wonderful hasn't it? 1
But reddit is upset because democrats are deciding who represents the democratic primary That means that is totally logical and in line with the nation rigjt 1
He's just trying to ensure that Americans have a safe space. 1
Gee I can't imagine why. 1
"Just look how well the ""establishment is the best indicator"" theory is doing in the GOP race." 1
But Trump is going to win in NY! 1
Yeah because black people cannot think for themeselves and have their own opinions. 1
You're smarter than me. 1
And that's the good news about Ms Conway. 1
Because they hate freedom! 1
Yea but at least we progressives got to keep our consciences pure by not campaigning for Hillary! 1
Appeasement worked really well last time! 1
I mean it's next to vermont! 1
Who doesn't? 1
Conspiricy! 1
Biden told Americans to fire a shotgun in the air.... yeah he is smart. 1
You forgot the 1
I'm shocked 1
science has a well noted liberal bias 1
If the damn liberals didn't give them the coverage in the first place they would have never known what they were missing! 1
No but Hillary is evil! 1
Because he has grassroots support from real citizens. 1
But...Its cold right now! 1
Insightful. 1
TIL this is the first time this ever happened. 1
Or hiding her Kenyan birth records... 1
"But surely it will magically ""trickle down"" on us all some day?" 1
that's how you know it's a good one! 1
Because those subreddits are bastions of open discussions and rational exchange of ideas. 1
yes if only they were in charge of the country we would be a utopia. 1
need to add an 1
# StopWhiteGenocide 1
They usually vote the wrong way anyways. 1
I hope the Russians and Chinese he's sharing the station with didn't influence his vote. 1
Feels like they aren't there as much as they really should be. 1
Rubio seems focused on issues that matter. 1
You forgot your 1
Well that's only because I found her pleasantly refreshing. 1
Then the conservatives would finally have their proof of how Obama is abusing his powers to reverse discriminate. 1
It's the fags fault! 1
But both parties are the same! 1
Yeah because voting counts. 1
What about how leftward the Democratic party moved after Nader? 1
But I thought Trump hates moooslims and is gonna round em up throw them all out? 1
She is essentially a republican 1
He wears sweater vest's so he must be a good guy. 1
And miss the chance to have a nude model as first lady? 1
Except when he is the great socialist dictator. 1
Who's gonna believe a CTR-shilling libtard rag like RedState 1
Funny all I hear is cheering 1
Like your parents for example 1
Yeah giving the wealthy tax cuts will surely hurt them financially. 1
What about God-Emperor? 1
You sound lovely 1
I am not trying to steer the car so therefore I am not responsible for crashing it. 1
If you don't think trickle-down economics works you're basically saying that gravity doesn't work. 1
Well the important thing is that they have flexible schedules so they can get home to cook for their husbands. 1
Overcame it without any help from anyone I am sure 1
He was being sarcastic. 1
Black man's fault for being there. 1
He's smarter and more credible than the officers in the US Navy. 1
Science is just liberal propaganda. 1
Nah man fuck your candidate 1
But Hillary supporters don't real! 1
Talk like that is why Trump won. 1
Glad to see the House is working on most pressing issues. 1
Great an accused rapists telling us why people rape...Maybe he knows something about this subject and we should listen. 1
That makes him smart. 1
Great argument 1
They're a persecuted minority that includes the Democratic establishment of like 37 states. 1
I always just assumed we counted them as 3/5ths of a person. 1
"""My Candidate Is A She"" isn't a message?" 1
Because the guy on the phone is the WRONG GOD! 1
haiti = blacks = we are used to giving hand outs to them pakistan = durkas = terrorists = they'll use the money to plan 9/11/11 1
Damn California republicans screwing thing up for everyone else. 1
you're obviously a racist. 1
Its because of that show Weeds and other forms of forced miscegenation. 1
But I can see right through that glass ceiling she broke! 1
That would basically be handing 2016 to the Democrats on a platter but I'm sure it will happen. 1
And yet both parties are the same. 1
So hillary voters had a express line? 1
but he is ruining the economy by lowering the unemployment rate and having steady growth! 1
Defenseless *younglings* Not the same thing! 1
Yeah but he's a secret muslim... 1
But I thought the RNC was gonna be filled with violence 1
One of the first acts will be the succession of the great state of Jefferson! 1
Shows in the polls 1
But it's still Obama's fault. 1
Those goddamn blacks don't know what's good for them! 1
Well they have billions so maybe I'll get millions if they are in office 1
Let's all gather around our healing crystals and meditate for her victory. 1
Thank you unions. 1
Let's ban all violent video games That will get the youth right? 1
Look at all those Bernie bros. 1
People have been so compassionate and understanding since she came out I can't imagine why she didn't do it sooner! 1
Literal corruption! 1
Did she mentioned how is she paying the $hills on reddit? 1
To be fair.. him attacking with a gho..ghh..oost.... would be spooky. 1
So those 3 yr olds whose lives we destroyed have grown up into vengeful 16 year olds... color me surprised. 1
but that will COST more! 1
Oh that must be what Khan was referring to. 1
Shit like this is definitely how we move forward. 1
He needs to put 9/11 somewhere there! 1
It's Sanders fault. 1
But they're respawning fast as tea party candidates! 1
but can't you just live in an underground bunker on canned peas and road kill like the rest of us? 1
If they don't like it they can just go work elsewhere. 1
This title is not loaded at all. 1
That's sexist. 1
Sssshhh....only Republicans can be racists and misogynists. 1
What was Walker's major? 1
But yeah he has no chance. 1
A true supporter of free speech and freedom of press. 1
Trump excused himself from the piracy by believing they would be flattered and appreciate the exposure and publicity. 1
Go blue team go! 1
It's a shame that there wasn't someone there with a gun to stop them. 1
Unlike your comment. 1
Homeless people buying booze and weed with my quarters is a much more grievous transgression. 1
and death as a Muslim matyr sends you to heaven with virgins... They both sound like pretty great things 1
Down vote - this is a sexist article 1
I don't know if I like casual racism but I suppose it's ok for a joke. 1
It is almost like it is government by the corporations for the corporations. 1
Clearly playing the long con 1
yeah and if you don't support no child left behind you don't care about the education of our youth 1
It's her turn! 1
Because it's all Obama's fault 1
Why do you hate poor people? 1
can't wait 1
ELI5: Why do Mexicans dislike Trump? 1
Yeah cashier jobs were made with the intent to hire kids 1
You forgot the 1
Terrorists! 1
I thought NY was her home state? 1
Which are so effective at stopping my Iowa representatives 1
FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG 1
All of them 1
yeah it's not like there were a ton of leaked emails confirming this specifically or anything 1
How are you supposed to mine windmills though? 1
I'm sure it'll be fine. 1
This is why I trust the corporate media. 1
Isn't that a book or something? 1
"""I HATE SMART PEOPLE CUS THERE SJW-LIBTART LOGIC IS TO BIG FOR ME TO FIT ON MY HAT.""" 1
Like no one has ever turn a slur into an empowerment movement. 1
But these are the same people who told us Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. 1
Surely that couldn't be a bad thing 1
Because Trump rugged the primaries. 1
The flag is just representing their heritage - like a coat of arms. 1
and how they coordinated with the media to kill the email scandal story.... but hey two guys talking about women is more important 1
Both party's are clearly the same! 1
Principles are for the losers. 1
Brown lives don't count! 1
The circumstances surrounding this latest piece do not at all call into question its credibility. 1
But that can't be racist because Mexican isn't a race 1
"All those stupid Vermonters just ""throwing away their votes"" on third-party candidates like Bernie Sanders." 1
If we could only stamp out sin completely we'd never have bad weather again. 1
How dare you bring facts into this! 1
First I've heard of this! 1
Its what the founders would have wanted! 1
Well that was an intelligent comment 1
I won't be satisfied until McDonalds starts hauling the homeless off the streets of Delhi to work in their American restaurants. 1
so gives us what we want or you're in for hard times is being shelved for now? 1
Running for office with good intentions? 1
Al Gore didn't invent the internet until the 90s? 1
Maybe he's just REALLY committed to being a plant for Hillary! 1
god made them poor for a reason. 1
Because DUI laws magically disappeared. 1
OH dear god...someone find Bernie and make sure he okay 1
Yeah Obama really needs a lot of votes for his next Presidential run. 1
This is so next time Obama leaves the country Trump won't let him back in. 1
I head over to r/the_donald where the real political discussions happen 1
Like Saudi Labia Pics? 1
Portland is world-renowned for its awful food. 1
There goes another $400 Mil down the congressional investigation hole 1
Well for that we have to go back to 1876 when Hamilton Fish used unencrypted telegrams... 1
You history knowledge must be a product of our fine skoolin here in the hoosur state. 1
I'm just so glad we've declared victory in Iraq and have moved on to spread democracy in Afghanistan and Pakistan. 1
I remember it bearenstin 1
It was that attitude that made Dems lost the election 1
But her letter of health was so truthful because all she tells is the truth so she's so healthy right? 1
I'm pretty sure it's 1
You mean like with Obama's birth certificate? 1
sorry... 1
Think about how safe we could all be if we just banned protesting all together. 1
it would be much better for them to not say anything and have the gun be used in a violent crime 1
No The Bern is perfect and would never pander for votes! 1
It's not like she was doing something innocent like laundering money for drug cartels! 1
The real Americans are sovereign citizens like Bundy's. 1
Media is RIGGED. 1
Cause that's the only way to do a poll 1
Of course he does 1
The kool-aid's so sweet though. 1
How are her press conferences going these days? 1
Berniebros 1
Sick burn bro 1
But there are brown people out there! 1
it was some 1
Very easy to mix up a 6 and an 8 when translating. 1
False flag! 1
Because there are too many kids smoking weed 1
It's just like cutting out the middle man! 1
CLASS WARFARE. 1
...and your point is? 1
sigh... 1
Get your British spelling out of my American election 1
The percentage gains by moving everything to *random country* are too important for me to give a shit about the community I come from. 1
Get out of here with your hateful rational thinking you bigot! 1
you forgot the 1
You forgot the 1
Torture and war crimes and preventing Muslims from entering the country are fine... but don't touch my damn phone. 1
You mean the Baby-Killing Obama Death-Panels Taking-Away-Our-Jobs Healthcare Fiscal-Madness Act? 1
"And the Oz ""show"" is so trustworthy(tm) and reliable(tm)" 1
But but he's just saying that to cover up th massive Russian conspiracy that he is a part of 1
You are obviously just a low info voter... 1
That's the kind of business skills we need in Washington! 1
Assad had to destroy the town in order to save it. 1
Go home commie 1
Always such an A+ orator. 1
Because the GOP isn't known for bigotry and discrimination. 1
I hear she's also a literal demon 1
keep them donations coming he can win! 1
America has great history of prohibition. 1
That's sexist. 1
It's only opinions. 1
He's such a thug 1
Right because he actually has a chance right? 1
Love my state so much 1
Yeah and gays shouldn't flamboyantly parade through the streets because it makes moderate gay people look bad 1
Didn't you hear the AG's response? 1
Oh but Massachusetts is just another state that borders Vermont. 1
So why are people so dissatisfied with Obama? 1
This is obviously thanks to the new Republican Congress. 1
Haha good one 1
Which is why there are more minority Republican members of congress. 1
^ this guy is totally not biased at all 1
Yes the ~20 congressional investigations into Benghazi mean she's obviously a criminal and guilty of something! 1
Right.. because she'll definitely carry the Deep South again in a general election 1
Yeah the Jews would have totally won! 1
But hes a tard and were supposed to waste money and peoples time to keep the murdering tard alive. 1
Internalized sexism 1
No it's perfectly normal to leave the seal broken after official maintenance 1
But the EPA is keeping these companies away! 1
Bought and paid for by Carlos Slim. 1
Real? 1
Because Republicans have so much color in their ranks 1
Uhhhh has she never looked up and seen them? 1
Forgot the 1
That's sexist! 1
you dropped this 1
Didn't think I needed to add an 1
Putting words in people's mouths is a *great* way to have civil discussions. 1
Because people that get divorced an have children deserve less rights than other people 1
It's not like the GOP has been anything but hostile towards women's healthcare or anything... 1
because Comey is a liar 1
Unregulated charter schools ftw. 1
Well it's hard to argue with that logic. 1
Who can afford tinfoil with Obamacare in affect? 1
I hope UN deploys international poll observers to ensure free and fair elections 1
But how many multi-billionaires are there? 1
Yeah Trump is definitely known for his message discipline. 1
Obama is a black muslim gay guy born in africa who eats five aborted fetuses for dinner with a hammer and sickle every night. 1
You forgot the 1
Will she be remembered as the first Native American president too? 1
He got resigned because he let Trump win. 1
Rush was probably trying to polish GW's image. 1
Why were those women taking our jobs? 1
Speeches duh. 1
That's totally the same thing! 1
"But.. she is the ""progressive candidate""!" 1
I'm sure trump acts fairly in all his business dealings . 1
Forgot your 1
Totally couldn't see that coming 1
Hillary sold Botox to Russia 1
Because praying and kind words will stop genocide. 1
Just until we figure out what's going on! 1
the measure of poise and temperament is Trump. 1
Because look Trump is evil! 1
I am sure the racist at the White Supremacist site where Donald got it from were thinking just that 1
very profound of you 1
stay classy aggies. 1
Who wants women to suffer? 1
Because Unions are the cause of all our fiscal problems. 1
All you need is your hand! 1
You must hate job creators your Marxists. 1
that's 15.8 billion dollars not circulating through the economy from the medical sector and slowing down the economy from lower future labor + tax dollars wasted 1
Sounds like you have liberals all figured out. 1
Because he's smart. 1
Making Texans proud! 1
Yeah that makes sense. 1
Because \*prod prod\*! 1
oh ok then. 1
How can something that is undefined possibly be impossible? 1
That is just the dementia talking 1
That's not completely irrational at all 1
Someone just left their Samsung plugged in. 1
Cos that's always better! 1
Well thank goodness he isn't trying to reduce the costs on nuclear! 1
And I see them here all the time 1
The Government knows what's best for us! 1
Teach the controversy! 1
That sounds an awful lot like communism and better dead than red! 1
I hope you dropped this 1
Ho ho ho... But Melania said that there is no way it could have happened because she didn't know the woman! 1
Well they supported sending them to Iraq and Afghanistan and they've wanted to send them to Syria and Iran. 1
Yep because fuck all of the States that haven't voted yet... 1
I believe you. 1
I thought guns were illegal to carry in NYC. 1
I like how you ground every American's situation with one pillar of thought... You give me a certain solace in the human race. 1
Ya it would ruin it like it ruins Finland 1
Allow me to loan you a sarcasm flag. 1
Both parties are the same 1
He did endorse Obama in 2012 though. 1
only white people can be racist 1
He deserves a Nobel peace prize. 1
You forgot 1
There are two Dakotas? 1
Yeah that silly conservative republican attorney general appointed by our current conservative republican president is really falling down on job 1
Wanting to enforce existing immigration laws is on par with Hillary's crimes 1
Please use 1
Add another to the body count 1
"""Wah wah wah liberals are so mean and taking my freedom because they no longer will accept my racist and sexist bullshit!""" 1
Shut up dog boy... 1
You tell me a better way to imprison the poor and minorities.. 1
If people would stop disagreeing with her then the party would be unified. 1
It's about as standard as wide open ports with intrusion detection disabled 1
And we are so shocked by his duplicity. 1
I think the best course of action is to probably disarm everybody but the extremely wealthy and well connected. 1
Just ignore her chronic lying 1
Fucking brilliant deflection. 1
"Get out of here with your ""facts""!" 1
Yeah the Clinton campaign really needs to control the damage from that one 1
BOTH PARTIES ARE THE SAME AND OBAMA WON'T LEGALIZE MARIJUANA AND WANTS TO KILL/DETAIN YOU! 1
But they were just little mistakes! 1
That's just gotcha journalism from the librul media. 1
Down voted for sexism 1
because outlawing stuff makes it impossible for people to get those things.. 1
Scientific polls are created by the Establishment. 1
Everyone knows that they always tell the truth. 1
those are both credible and unquestionably unbiased news sources. 1
Better than eating them alive. 1
He was anointed by God! 1
damn bleeding hear liberal. 1
Pat Robertson...the voice of reason. 1
"I thought those were ""Libertarians"" ?" 1
You don't have the right to call him a spoiler 1
But their terrorist children... 1
Woah now...that statement sounds a bit too much like democracy to me. 1
yeah we elected trump.....hell call them for what they are. 1
ARE YOU SAYING WE SHOULD LIMIT A JOB BY GENDER ROLES YOU SHITLORD. 1
Segregation ftw. 1
I think jackass indicates sarcasm better than 1
Because the idea of a loving relationship where both parties agree to that they don't have to be monogamous is totally unheard of 1
He's and Irish-Mexican Commie 1
Anything not specifically mentioned by Jesus is left up to the states to decide 1
Yeah so when I heard this suggestion years ago it was her too I bet 1
Remember believing something is true makes it true 1
Surely a McDonalds employee gets free meals. 1
it's sarcasm. 1
Well ofcourse we are spoiled by having such an epic example of class Donald Trump 1
No that is apparently only when Democrats on SCOTUS comment about a clear threat to the country the Donald. 1
But Mexico is gonna pay for it! 1
I knew I should have done the 1
But privatizing would fix this right? 1
Yeah he should only talk about countries where there are Catholics he is the leader of. 1
ACLU must be in putins pocket to then right? 1
"""It's time to pass a bill even stronger than the old Patriot Act was to protect us from domestic terrorists...""" 1
But...but... the electoral college is important because we don't want New York and California to decide things for the rest of the country 1
Forgot the 1
I guess I forgot the 1
Quality journalism. 1
Because if there is one thing worth clawing back it's people's Civil Rights! 1
But they are successful businessmen so they make good leaders...despite the Senate being made up of rich businessmen! 1
When I think of fair and balanced news and comments regarding politics this is the first sub that comes to mind. 1
Why are you against my freedom to choose to be sick at work? 1
It's a dumb name. 1
Funny how starving people would be happy to get a small check. 1
And Hillary is proof that an angel is watching over us 1
Oh I do admire that twist on the statement. 1
The wishes of Pharmaceutical companies had zero influence on the decision. 1
What about Tang? 1
Looks like they're jumping on the liberal media train 1
Please tell me you forgot a 1
But a Trump presidency will force the DNC to move left 1
But that was when people were too P.C. 1
yeah *if* he doesn't get the nod 1
Separate but equal! 1
Nah man Jesus was a communist Jew. 1
You forgot the 1
Clinton wasn't edgy enough. 1
I guess that Democratic congress didn't raise the minimum rage a few years ago. 1
I think people who choose to live in Lincoln Nebraska lack the imagination to be depressed. 1
It actually sucks that the guy gets to keep his job because apparently it's the worst thing that could have ever happened to the children. 1
Hey now you sexist! 1
I didn't know we were at war! 1
I BET YOU WOULD STEAL SUPERCAR TOO BECAUSE YOU'RE ENTITLED TO IT YOU WELFARE QUEEN GET A JOB 1
Oh right.....well you convinced me. 1
I feel safer now 1
So... Socialists? 1
Well the truckers should all go back to school and find new careers 1
Because conservatives handle every crisis so well. 1
Is that what inflation is? 1
you're obviously a shill for the ground 1
Forcing kids to say the same pledge to a flag over and over again in no way reminds me of propaganda. 1
Let's see how quick the leftist news media picks this up and blows it wide open. 1
You're not supposed to accept handouts you communist fuck. 1
Yes conservatism is the political affiliation dominated by feelings 1
TL;DR I trust this government cares about me and my welfare and this is blasphemy 1
What happened to all the paid for protesters? 1
No press so Clinton can hand Sorros's check over. 1
That's racist. 1
"She didn't need the security because she knew she would be getting a ""security inquiry""" 1
You forgot the 1
But what about the trade war he's going to declare on China? 1
He will make the 3 million illegal aliens that voted pay for it! 1
Nixon was one greatest minds in history. 1
He's playing the media like a fiddle! 1
Yes but Bill Clinton 1
If you don't support Clinton you are going to hell. 1
you forgot the 1
Great argument! 1
She's a woman of the same age group 1
Least they don't let no fags in. 1
You forgot the 1
I'm sure calling him hitler over and over will have the desired result of him not becoming hitler 1
Never...but that is just a liberal conspiracy 1
The huffington post is such a reliable and trustworth news source 1
Why are you so racist? 1
"Keep pushing that ""liberals are covering up refugee crimes to keep racists from being proved right"" narrative." 1
And the pope doesn't know what he's talking about either. 1
Small Government FTW! 1
Thank you for this hard hitting journalism. 1
The next exhibit in the Nixon library. 1
Naaaaaaaaaaaah can't be that. 1
Absolutely not! 1
Yes and as you can see their stock prices tumbled after the profits caps were announced. 1
No it was bernies fault for corrupting the democratic base 1
I'd like reparations from Germany for killing some of my family in WWII. 1
Yeah they totally didn't mention that Trump is evil and will destroy America if elected 1
You can't prove she *intended* to be Secretary of State tho 1
Cause she kills babies 1
Because now everything will change. 1
You are obviously sexist 1
He's already been banned for calling himself a shill. 1
yeah... what've the dems ever done for 'mericuh? 1
Don't forget you're white so you have no idea what poverty is you Trump scum 1
arming Mexican drug cartels is funny. 1
Did you know the majority of poor people even have outrageous luxuries like refrigerators? 1
YOU CAN'T BE SEXIST AGAINST WOMEN BECAUSE SEXISM REQUIRES POWER AND WE'RE LIVING IN THE PATRIARCHY 1
That's just racist of the cop to hold them accountable for the warrants they have when they get stopped. 1
She is essentially a republican 1
100% of sales came from out of state 1
But Jill Stein told me that *Hillary* would start WWIII 1
Because people proven to be prone to violence are clearly those who should access to deadly weapons. 1
And reality doesn't exist because you said so. 1
I'm pretty sure he only works for a few hours every Friday afternoon. 1
I remember the guy who killed his girlfriend and then the cops left a manifesto where he said de Blasio's comments were what tipped him over the edge. 1
Because the Dem party totally has our backs. 1
It's all just sanders supporters who are angry their candidate lost. 1
Wrong. 1
I support that too. 1
You forgot your 1
Don't forget that it's Obama who was really racially divisive 1
Exactly what we need running for one of the most powerful positions in the world. 1
I am sure they saw the internet coming when the drafted the First Amendment. 1
It's a living document! 1
I forget to add the 1
That's very Christian and fiscally conservative of him. 1
Well they sure showed those liberals to be wrong! 1
Well I hope Scott can deal with those terrorists. 1
I am trying to be fair and balanced 1
Because getting a good job is real easy. 1
Let's completely disregard their opinions Because the world is currently amazing with boomers and people with plenty life experience right? 1
You forgot cattle futures 1
Liberals always trying to stick it to the job creators. 1
Have scientists been able to determine the color of the sky on Trump's planet? 1
Only 6 of them since the earth is only 6000 years old 1
It's not like 536 votes makes a difference in a national election 1
But how can you know if you're a good person without one. 1
Yeah...that shit ended decades ago. 1
Now if only we can figure out a way to blame Obama... 1
Yet another reason not to legalize and regulate... 1
"Until fuhrer Trump ends the idea of ""hate crimes""" 1
It's all a very bland plot by Gore to get rich. 1
But we should give him a chance! 1
A true Christian wouldn't want to help *those people*. 1
and the GOP office firebombed was only an office. 1
And spent in on Trump brand clothing ! 1
To the top of r/all with you! 1
They don't post their member rolls on their website? 1
He's going to pay off the debt too! 1
Thanks for qualifying that you're an NRA member it makes your post extra important. 1
Everything is fucked get to your bomb shelte. 1
Tell that to liquor stores. 1
What a classy bunch 1
It all began with that damn Obama recession... 1
That was probably back before the dementia set in. 1
He all but said that killing civilians is wrong - he has to go. 1
Conflict of interests don't exist because of your third person anecdote. 1
And it's only because he is in his 90's and doesn't know who Trump is. 1
Why doesn't she just buy more money? 1
I'm sure that you are taking that out of context somehow. 1
Well if they had just said no! 1
It should have worked exactly the same but the reality should have been different so I could get indictment 1
Color me shocked. 1
You forgot the 1
But I thought it was the liberals who need safe spaces because they can't handle the #pizzagate #obamafoundedisis reality? 1
Because it's only men voting for Trump. 1
And it's closer to Vermont. 1
But Clinton still has a chance! 1
Yea but.... did he have an email server? 1
A bigger sacrifice than even than his tremendous business success has been. 1
We hate e-mail scandals 1
Only the deplorable half. 1
Wait... they left out Ron Paul. 1
Lol its a sad day when that needs 1
shhh everyone knows those polls showing Trump supporters are hateful morons were faked by the lamestream media 1
Definitely an offense worthy of a chokehold... 1
Great job voting for Carter! 1
Neither did Debbie. 1
I'm sure you aren't being paid for the service. 1
That'll fix Obama's out of control spending spree! 1
Me and all my friends were Bernie supporters and I've never seen a Hillary supporter on the internet who wasn't obviously being paid a million dollars to comment so the only explanation is that there were 3 million voters magicked into existence by evil DWS! 1
I just want BLACK GENOCIDE. 1
But if there arnt boots on the ground it's like it never happened. 1
Correlation does not mean causation. 1
"""The Pentagon was probably built as a launch pad for spaceships belonging to an ancient race of aliens""" 1
*We need stronger fist control laws in this country...* 1
I wonder who wrote this legislation for the politicians.... 1
Well that's obviously because she had all her haters and liabilities killed. 1
Wrong! 1
That can't be true 1
Unions did wonders for Detroit... more of that 1
Probably a sign that we need *more* TORT reform 1
We definitely need more intelligent comments like these. 1
but no I'd rather have the fascist former businessman with no governing experience as president 1
Then we can bring back child labor. 1
It's obviously another broken mic 1
And look how far they've come since then. 1
Forgot the 1
Because there's nothing Republicans hate more than religion in politics. 1
Don't remember CBS covering out of control cost increases during Iraq War. 1
Sure he will. 1
If only he can get those broads out of their kitchens makin' us samiches to vote. 1
Don't worry the government will surly fix this. 1
Your contribution is valuable. 1
His political acumen is almost as impressive as his acting 1
Trump did it first. 1
But he said he had many friends in his presidential speech! 1
Sounds like communism to me! 1
"Is her use of the word ""silly"" thoughtful?" 1
Like you? 1
It technically is Bush's fault 1
Cause it's gonna make us look cool to other leaders or something. 1
What linked article? 1
sounds like a socialist plot to me. 1
Sometimes I feel like I am the only person waiting for Half Life 3 ... it's a cool indie game for anyone out there who doesn't know 1
Well why didn't she just say this in the beginning 1
well at least the kids can go watch their football team.....right? 1
It's ok when Christians do it because Christianity is the one true religion! 1
It makes more sense to be critical of an orange guy... 1
45% of those polled are Republicans 1
Unlike in 2002 when the votes were cast. 1
Yea..former Director of Homeland Security...for the Bush Administration....clearly a shill who was just waiting for his chance to vote for her. 1
This is the October Surprise we've all been waiting for 1
ask him nicely to only kill one of them and let the other one go 1
You forgot 1
The Republican party has announced plans to annihilate two major marine sanctuaries and replace them with oil fields that dump their contents straight into the ocean! 1
Still Clinton's fault. 1
but then some upper middle class soccer mom might have to wait behind a poor person with the flu to get her tennis elbow looked at. 1
They hate him because he's muslim 1
this time its gonna happen! 1
NEWS FLASH: Stores only keep magazines and papers around so that customers can browse through them; no one buys them anymore and stores certainly don't make any money on them. 1
But they need to keep you safe by charging fees 1
Because taxes are the devil 1
Oh shit I guess Trump's going to win after all 1
"Fuck ""reality"" and it's liberal bias." 1
those sneaky muslims will find anyway to infiltrate America's neighborhoods. 1
That's what they want you to think! 1
But didn't the Bundy gang cause a revolution? 1
And technology has basically been stagnant for ten years so... 1
It's scientifically proven that gays can no longer feel pain after they choose to be gay. 1
Yeah he really got him good 1
Where are the stolen valor guys on this one? 1
What a fucking racist. 1
Hilliar and Barack **Hussein** Obama 1
I cannot imagine why Christie would want to hide this information! 1
Pure coincidence. 1
Yea but he's still the most electable candidate! 1
BUT BREITBART IS THE MOST UNBIASED NEWS SOURCE OUT THERE ALL THE OTHERS ARE CONTROLLED BY THE LIBTARDS AND ARE ALL IN FAVOR OF HILLARY OBVIOUSLY YOU ARE LIBRUHL TOO BECAUSE THATS JUST OBJECTIVE FACT 1
No way bro that's every profession 1
And People claim that Barter Economies are dead. 1
Hiding in Pakistan of all places... Who would have thought? 1
"""Yeah but Bernie doesn't count because nobody really likes Bernie""" 1
But talking about groping women on a bus is just words and no big deal. 1
Honestly thinking Bernie will be alive in 2020. 1
If you say so! 1
what I like most about trump is his overweening sense of humility and modesty. 1
"Not to mention your tiny population since no one wants to live in ""whacky"" California... obligatory" 1
Sure medical bankruptcy isn't the #1 cause of bankruptcy. 1
So you're saying Bernie can still take this thing? 1
I'm pretty sure you can trade sex for cancer meds. 1
Bolsheviks? 1
Makes sense since there's no written record about the existence of gay people prior to the rise of the Soviet Union. 1
Good thing the Democratic nominee has distanced herself so far from big banks. 1
What could be more anti-establishment than the FIRST WOMAN PRESIDENT! 1
You are missing the point... The government shouldn't be spending money... 1
There's that liberal media at work again. 1
And everybody inside them. 1
Because promoting the belief that a woman is incapable of fighting back against a sexual assault is ahead of our time 1
A Republican *surely* would never have done such a thing. 1
She should be at home getting Bill a sandwich. 1
Way to encourage dissenting opinions sir. 1
How are bankster billionaires gonna survive if we stop their welfare payments? 1
Must be all those racists! 1
Sorry should have put 1
But banning opinion pieces is censorship! 1
I mean it's not like the other candidate had donations coming in from other countries at all. 1
Wow I can't believe it. 1
Conservative thought doesn't exist...... 1
Don't inject FACTS into this! 1
It's okay since he shows hatred towards Trump. 1
Bush 1
sorry forgot the 1
She'll wait until everyone else does first- strange others aren't being held to the same standard 1
Weather has a clear liberal bias 1
Everyone. 1
These two things must be totally unrelated and in no way have racist intent. 1
Move to France. 1
Well we already have a Muslim in the White House! 1
Oh yeah he's REALLY going against the grain and shaking it up 1
Just because everything she says isn't necessarily the truth doesn't make her an habitual liar. 1
I pay 6 dollars per day in illinois great thing the government built me roads 1
but...but...voter fraud doesn't exist! 1
*triggered* 1
Spoilers! 1
Send the gays to Iran not to Mars! 1
It's like how everyone who has attacked Obama has been called racist 1
"""because it's hard""" 1
If you do get sick have the decency to just die to save money . 1
They are too busy impregnating white women. 1
Sending work emails from a personal account and raping people is totally the same thing. 1
Because I really want a doctorate in history! 1
It's the Joooooooooooooos. 1
This is exactly why we need a tax cut. 1
Clearly it didn't work because we didn't cut the tax rate enough! 1
I so look forward to paying for your subsidy 1
I'm sure Brietbart has a sincere concern about advancing the progressive cause in this country. 1
Trump will make it better. 1
Stop being so evil and pay all your taxes! 1
You dropped this: 1
Why can't they simply sell off some of their stocks? 1
There's still DC! 1
ITT Trump haters call Trump supporters stupid That's new and original. 1
That was locker room talk! 1
But I don't want to have to choose the lesser of two evils! 1
I forgot my 1
Surely killing innocent family members of terrorists wouldn't be used as an amazing recruiting tool by them 1
Ted Cruz singlehandedly stopped Operation Jade Helm! 1
well the good news is that all his supporters are just following suit and supporting Hillary now. 1
THEY ARE ALL RIGGED 1
I'm sure he'll pivot halfway into his first term 1
98.4% chance Hillary wins the remaining uncounted ballots. 1
You mean Barack HUSSEIN Obama? 1
Kaiser Trump is just smart. 1
Oh my goodness the Democrats would never say anything this atrocious it GOP only.... 1
great political discussion 1
Saved taxpayers from handing out $100-200 a month...what a wonderful act of bipartisanship. 1
Yeah but Trump is literally Hitler+Satanx2 so its okay to be hypocritical now that Bernie is out. 1
Cant vote out a war hero. 1
As likely to vote as the average Sanders supporter tbh 1
Shameless Taco Bell plug 1
What a racist! 1
TAIWTW 1
Everyone knows Trickle down economics fixed this issue. 1
Clinton is so authentic. 1
we all did 9/11 1
please say 1
Yeah like gun control. 1
Yeah the Russians wrote all those emails and corrupted the dnc! 1
Exclusively 1
Please take more of my rights! 1
That's how he's bringing jobs back to America! 1
*allegedly* 1
Yeah that checks out. 1
But cheap manufacturing makes it all worthwhile. 1
My faith in government is now shattered... Up until now they had always followed the constitution and acted in our best interests... 1
Pedo grandma detected 1
Maybe the rapture will happen and we won't have to deal with them anymore? 1
Yeah Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan were losers too 1
"Also he's not a ""real"" president because he was imported from Kenya." 1
As long as they're not white! 1
All those damn Europeans making this country less secure 1
As a strong supporter of Iran I praise Bush for removing Saddam and handing Iraq to the Iranians. 1
Just give him a chance! 1
woah woops almost forgot the 1
and I am sure you will use it with only the best of intentions 1
But what about all those russian voters? 1
20 years later she finally responds That's a great leader for you! 1
At least he's not a muslim! 1
Free market at work 1
I knew this would Happen! 1
But the French are socialists and have death panels. 1
Because of the media conspiracy of course 1
It's only rape when the girl's drunk 1
Because your partisanship has nothing to do with it 1
I'm sure Hillary supporters are going to all go vote Trump now that she's called out the alt-right element of Trump supporters for what they are. 1
You forgot your 1
nah anyone who isn't for sanders is a dumb uninformed shill. 1
Obviously this means that Snopes is in the pocket of the Trump campaign. 1
but the TTIIIMMMIIINNGGG though 1
That's why he's been doing sooo badly 1
Really surprised at the thumbnail next to the thread title 1
The South did nothing wrong. 1
Open Source software. 1
What an enlightened assessment.. 1
yes deleting emails to avoid FOIA requests such a nothingburger 1
Its not meaningless if you intentionally signed it. 1
Yay! 1
One can never be too BIG to ~~fail~~ jail! 1
Well those votes are only worth 3/5ths of a white vote. 1
Gee... so many to choose from... 1
You are supposed to just shut up and pay for more wars. 1
Another example of her poor judgement 1
Fuck math 1
I'm partial to 1
People who remember the first season 1
The probably happens dozens of times a day but it never makes the news 1
Yeah because calling out the media will definitely get him more air time 1
That must be why the people in those nations are working so hard to eliminate their national health care systems. 1
"""What's your favorite color?""" 1
Nothing good can come of even President Biden? 1
I wonder who was President then? 1
You are so interested in debate you type something debatable. 1
god will provide 1
DAT SASS 1
He's a terrorist. 1
Many people says it's because of Trump Foundation contributions to NAMBLA and planned parenthood. 1
Well the leaders sure can't take responsibility for this! 1
She didn't mean to. 1
Yeah but DAE think Hillary is literally Hitler? 1
Must have been that job creating Keystone legislation. 1
drone strikes aren't a recruiting tool 1
The Globalists are upvoting it 1
I guess Chipotle won't be the only place to distribute E. Coli. 1
But I thought with Obama we already did elect a a socialist. 1
I'm sure that will keep an open dialogue and convince your family members to side with your worldview. 1
But food stamps! 1
And look how well the European economy is doing. 1
I didn't realize that Trump will be dropping out so soon. 1
I was being sarcastic! 1
But we can't beat her over the head with that! 1
You forgot this: 1
Are you implying that she's on the wrong side of history? 1
The industry can self-regulate and self-correct to provide the best product. 1
unexpected 1
I guess as long as you're not serious it's okay to say you're daughter's figure is attractive. 1
Must be antisemitic. 1
Yeah... this really showed Fox who is boss! 1
It's the free market at work so it's good. 1
But the democratic party doesn't fully support my feels and I am a special little snowflake. 1
Everybody knows those surpluses were caused by Reagan. 1
Didn't you guys know it's just her turn to be president? 1
But is she thousands of dollars in debt? 1
It's her turn! 1
I think you missed the 1
The system works guys. 1
but she has the super delegates 1
Because an over-opinionated film maker with no experience would be WAYYY better... 1
Suit up boys were bringing freedom to Saudi! 1
They're only doing so bad because Christians are persecuted so badly. 1
Cant they just borrow money from their parents to get a better education? 1
Shillary paid him off 1
9/11 changed everything. 1
Because all the first and second term t-partiers are doing such a bang up job of cleaning up the system 1
I'm so glad that John Roberts cleared up the misunderstanding that this is all corrupt as fuck. 1
The Obama appointed John Kirby is keeping the GOP witch hunt alive I see. 1
You forgot the 1
It is a vast left-wing conspiracy. 1
A political ad with misleading information but not technically lying Wow...never saw that before 1
this is why Trump won 1
Psst. 1
I am convinced it is an ABC/ Washington post Poll so there would be no bias in that poll would there 1
Good job Reid. 1
Just like SO2 and CFCs 1
WSJ- the cutting edge of politcal insight 1
And we all know what's best for corporations is best for America! 1
That sounds like a low T denier comment. 1
Everyone else did it why can't she? 1
You forgot this: 1
That went swimmingly after WWI 1
^ dripping with 1
They dropped their 1
After African American pandering week went so well 1
Crack stopped because people realized meth lasted longer 1
Out of work american citizens rejoice that there is now even more competition in the job market. 1
Science is bad. 1
I think they are covering up his poisoning by a secret Kenyan Muslim. 1
Forgot the 1
Well her family do like the fishes! 1
That's why we must rid ourselves of the scourge of Obamacare. 1
BECAUSE ALL LIBERTARIANS JUST SIT IN THEIR BASEMENTS AND SELL HENTAI 1
we should definitely run away from 'tyranny' into the hands of capitalism 1
And the Jews should thank the Germans for not *completely* eradicating them. 1
Its okay when he does that because he is so amazing and awesome! 1
He's a democrat! 1
More information about your food is bad. 1
The evidence is overwhelming! 1
Any Republican who goes against Trump is obviously a neocon or RINO. 1
Hmmm... didn't realise concert halls allowed people to carry guns into them.. 1
Probably had all their guns taken away. 1
"and ""Americans"" are only white christian conservative capitalist gun-owners." 1
I'm glad the cops have nothing better to do than kick a woman out of the woman's restroom. 1
WHY WOULD A WEBSITE LIE? 1
NBC is obvious bias as well... 1
s/ don't worry folks....the wealth will trickle down. 1
UNSKEW THE MEDIA 1
You forgot the 1
I can't wait till the chemicals companies go back to pumping their toxic waste back into the ground water. 1
Maybe you can try that at T_D 1
Obama's a Muslim this I know for Fox Channel told me so! 1
But $hillary is a crook and owned by wall street! 1
it pays out making education expensive and unavailable for half of the people 1
I guess everyone on the planet with a cell phone is a political tracker. 1
Which he said he would do and is following through with... Fuck Americans are smart to elect him 1
Ahh yes trump the peace candidate who will sweep into office and have a run completely devoid of war...the great unifier who will bring harmony to not just the US but the entire world. 1
Hillary is so far ahead she's shilling her books in campaign ads 1
What are you some type of Marxist scum? 1
I voted for him because he was black. 1
This was sometime after Obama forged his US birth certificate and college grades. 1
I'm waiting for private businesses to step in and provide air traffic control. 1
We need a liberal Hitler! 1
Obviously very effective counsel 1
The just never heard of 'The Secret' 1
I literally never heard anyone mention it until Bernie. 1
As long as we don't post the shooter's names or pictures this will all stop. 1
Like all the Christians who care that he's a serial pussy-grabber. 1
Yes there literally cannot be any other reason. 1
Because this worked out so well the last time we gave one of these guys back to the Kuwaitis. 1
Clearly you were both correct 1
Not to mention a communist Muslim foreigner. 1
So Lincoln was a Kremlin bootlicker. 1
Yeah and no one should murder anyone ever 1
Mehhh the first sounds more like freedom..... 1
But...but....which bathroom would they use? 1
But how do you pay holograms tho? 1
It takes a Daesh to catch a Daesh. 1
They are just putting all those subsidies to good use 1
The ideal solution would be to do away with voting altogether and have only a few powerful people making all of the decisions. 1
He's just playing a game of 5-D chess with these media types! 1
Because he didn't want to be found dead a month later 1
"I'm embarrassed that someone in the AFT would spell ""fuck"" incorrectly." 1
Oh because historically polls have always been the way elections really go. 1
People who voted for Trump don't know what menop- EW GROSS I DONT WANT TO HEAR ABOUT THAT 1
Because black people are annoying their precious little snowflakes.... they have to be stopped! 1
Is he a STATE senator? 1
you forgot the 1
Of course we need more career politicians. 1
4 in 10 Republicans vote for Donald Trump. 1
Try infowars! 1
Who? 1
Are all 200 million of those his own? 1
This sounds like a *brilliant* idea... 1
Nah - here comes wacky conspiracy theories where a given email WAS A SECRET CODED MESSAGE FOR THE ILLUMINATI 1
Trump Supporter: VOTER FRAUD CONFIRMED 1
"""At worst she was grossly negligent"" ...ah such a great quality for a potential world leader to possess" 1
Maybe the microphone couldn't pick up the pop. 1
At least god will stop punishing us with natural disasters! 1
It's like Clinton is a special interest to the rest of the dnc establishment....but no one should expect that the dnc establiment would be swayed by Hilary's funding channels. 1
A cold shoulder is a kind of attack. 1
Wasn't she supposed to be a public servant? 1
Don't forget a strong Israel so Jesus can come back! 1
it is ok if thgey are brown 1
but remember rich people aren't people like you and I 1
Yeah Fuck the constitution right? 1
Maybe they need more tax cuts 1
You forgot your 1
Trump is a racist 1
Someones got to foot the bill to reward our hardest workers! 1
Yeah you're right once a president leaves office he loses all his political contacts and ceases to have any influence with law makers. 1
thanks Obama 1
Because we aren't praying hard enough. 1
Making that anti-wall street bank! 1
Ohio: teaching women their place! 1
You can't have an investigation if all the investigators mysteriously die. 1
Ya someone who donated his time and not money is terrible! 1
I bet everyone in that video was paid by CNN to act completely ignorant... 1
Yeah it was totally Hillary that proposed a ban on Muslims entering the US. 1
This attitude is the reason why Donald Trump won! 1
How is this NOT an essential government service? 1
And capitalism is so fair 1
I sense some 1
There will be a Soviet Union after Putin and Sanders get their way. 1
Well shut up don't let the terrorists find out 1
i think you forgot the 1
Perhaps this was Romney and the Mormons plan all along? 1
Isn't is a wonderful age we live in? 1
Yeah 2000 was a great one too! 1
She's been there 30 years! 1
She tried to make up for it with Benghazi 1
No the Russians just didn't allow them to tell him. 1
Trump started it! 1
The globe is where foreigners live 1
But Bernie told me it was free 1
"When has a politician ever been ""fully honest"" ?" 1
Don't you mean November 28th? 1
But the TV and fox news told me they were bad 1
Because her opinions on pot are the only thing about her that are corrupt... 1
*shrugs* everyone has flaws 1
But if we shave 0.01% off military spending we're all gonna diiieee by ISIS immigrants! 1
Just like the RNC burned down their own headquarters in Charlotte. 1
I'm sure all those dumbass shooters were active party members who were elected delegates to the democratic convention. 1
You forgot the sarcastic tag... Here you go 1
But there's nothing he says comparable to Hitler 1
If we could just get acorn to shut down... 1
Nah roads are overrated! 1
Starts with R... must be a lie devised by Russians looking to blame an imaginary country. 1
you make it sound like the Constitution is legally binding 1
Except vaccines; because it's totally sane to hate on vaccines 1
How else are they going to get job experience? 1
No he's greedy and never fundraises for Democrats and is only riding the party's coattails because it's convenient and he's stealing all those poor n00b millennials' political contributions by not dropping out! 1
Maybe the church will help out. 1
Glad to see actual politics discussed here. 1
Glenn Beck is obviously a CTR shill. 1
But that only leaves PutinNews and Breitbart! 1
you missed an 1
Maybe that explains why most people don't plan for a retirement! 1
If the government just got out of the way corporations would offer it already because free market magic! 1
.05 cents were added to your account. 1
Giving tax breaks to the rich will help the middle class. 1
Fucking sexist racist misogynist undesirable 1
Those republicans know how to party! 1
It only works if from Kenya. 1
The same thing as an assault rifle... 1
But both parties are the same... -.-; 1
There is; but we are all in on it. 1
And how many of them RIGGERS vote 1
What about George Soros? 1
Well if you're not a Trump supporter it can't be a case of false equivalence. 1
...and I'm sure that Bernie is close to becoming the Democratic nominee. 1
Another bombshell. 1
That damn liberal media just kisses Obama's ass. 1
Nukes are good for business 1
Wow you are so smart and wise I am now socialist thank you sir 1
How very *democratic* of them... 1
Terrorist* 1
Because your own government is always better than a foreign government 1
She is clearly there to fight the apparent war on woman Obama is putting forth upon them. 1
Both parties are the same! 1
...because all of Bernie Sanders' supporters are exactly the same. 1
Well you gotta bear in mind that the whole concussion is a Democratic cover-up story so they can pass their real agenda under our noses 1
Well thank God this menace to society has been removed! 1
Not without you here to provide this kind of insightful balance 1
Works for foreign policy. 1
The voting public certainly bought that line of bullshit. 1
but the people who use it are leeches and want everything for free when all they have to do is work a lil harder 1
"Like maybe a ""racist"" pattern...who would have guessed" 1
Got one of his close relatives body parts in his last care package from the states and has been silent since. 1
But he's more liberal than Hilary Clinton. 1
Obviously no one dislikes Trump unless they are paid to. 1
but its only because it a neighboring state of Vermont nothing to see here 1
back when america was great 1
And then we can create an alternate real world for them to function in too. 1
But he's a guy you'd want to have a beer with! 1
I expect civilized and thoughtful discourse! 1
you dropped this: 1
fuck you and shatap 1
I really hope it was you who dropped this - 1
If you can believe an NY Times article 1
Because god guns and freedom.... 1
Who needs science when you have religion? 1
"Glad my ""ripple"" comment is the most important thing you took away from my post." 1
She's obviously the best choice to win the general election 1
I don't see why all those rapists and murderers with blood in their wherevers wouldn't vote for him! 1
you forgot the 1
Be sure and let the Supreme Court know about the conclusions you've drawn. 1
True it's not like there are any functioning nations with universal coverage that isn't single payer 1
If we bury this with downvotes then the taxes are not real or lalalalala I can't hear you Obamacare is great 1
Whats wrong with keeping with tradition? 1
Well illegal immigrants are the cause of inner city violence 1
So tolerant of Trump to accept unpopular ideas. 1
Wow wut do u hate the 2nd amendment or sumthin u commie Obama lover 1
Yeah state government should be the ones to restrict your freedom instead of the federal government 1
Because gore wasn't in the establishments pocket just like ole bushy boy 1
That's why the government isn't made up of reasonable people. 1
I sincerely hope you dropped this- 1
You must have missed last nights episode where she called for the nationalization of every major industry... 1
And then the free market will correct itself just believe in it. 1
But we have F-35's and they have MiG knockoffs. 1
He's going to have a beautifully healthy relationship with his daughter. 1
Yea the solution to corruption in politics is to reduce free speech. 1
But.. but.. Trump is going to make America *great* again! 1
Scalia confirmed neutral. 1
Proof that Obama stole the election -- keeping in mind that the Tea Party doesn't seem to be able to do math. 1
They ain't got no more taxes to cut... maybe a negative income tax for homeowners &amp; those making over 100k? 1
BLACKS AND WHITES MARRYING WILL RUIN TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE! 1
But aren't Americans just super-informed about German politics? 1
Reality has no bearing on Rush's genius. 1
France is still smarting from his successful boycott of their products. 1
Yeah really shocking. 1
apparently it would have helped if he'd included the 1
Das racist though! 1
Let's pay employees less because the machines do it 1
you forgot the 1
boo 1
You don't; the FDIC should cover risk-taking.... 1
I thought he polled great with Hispanics? 1
But if you just pull your bootstraps you can get there too! 1
The audacity of you to think she can't take hundreds of thousands of dollars from industries then take them on/try to regulate them! 1
But he's Scalia so he's automatically wrong. 1
I'm 99% sure that Bernie lost by over 20 points! 1
Are we sure his dad isn't intimidating him though? 1
Those facts are just your opinon 1
He fucked his daughter for 'entertainment' 1
That 20% is going to make illegal immigration a thing of the past and then there's going to be so many more awesome jobs available! 1
if _everybody_ stopped shooting each other and started acting like decent human beings would we really even need senate at all? 1
Because he isn't smart 1
It's because they just love American freedom so much 1
It will be when $hillary appoints herself eternal monarch and enacts genocide against whites. 1
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I LOVE FUNNY JOKES 1
Oh yeah the TPP is so liberal. 1
Old news i guess 1
But that'll be suppressing free speech! 1
'cause we haven't learned anything or improved any of our technology since the 70s 1
But that disenfranchises people who don't bother to find out what they need to vote until the day of... 1
That's exactly how it works 1
Fire bomb his campaign and get the Democrats to pay for the repairs. 1
What a constructive comment 1
I think you forgot to add 1
That's certainly on the same level as winking to your supporters that they should shoot your opponent if she wins. 1
only a racist misogynist would ask for a source 1
That's because you're probably a man and don't understand what the world is actually like! 1
Just the kind of guy I want to represent me. 1
The whole world is rigged! 1
That would be racist. 1
Depends on the skin color and religion. 1
Because 100% of the budget goes to our infrastructure. 1
Just like Jim Crow! 1
This record will soon be corrected. 1
They don't want the immigration problem 1
What a pleasant bunch presenting such a thoughtful editorial. 1
We don't feel like our vote matters so we just don't vote 1
Saudi Arabia paid for that wall! 1
Absolutely no connection between the two at all. 1
Ventura? 1
Where is the 1
Or perhaps the false flag Sandy Hook shooting? 1
Like how we wouldn't have them 1
Gosh look at you go on with your pure emotion and failure to engage. 1
Love seeing Romney's forward thinking. 1
Tell you what let's give politicians and police more power over our lives I'm sure that will fix it! 1
What a great link that makes this exact argument 1
Better give the police more power then 1
You dropped this 1
I can't wait for our bullshit healthcare savings account 1
Campaign donations don't behold politicians. 1
Better shut down every single corporation to ever exist because they are all evil and do nothing but hurt people and the planet 1
Now is really the time for a president that is already down on his knees and sucking Putins dick. 1
But it's the media that is unfairly calling Trump racist! 1
we MIGHT be safer if half the middle east is glass and what's left is 5x as angry as they currently are. 1
Gotta be 1
Another fine piece of journalism posted on such an honorable subreddit. 1
So a nice guy? 1
You lie! 1
Must be those violent leftist we keep hearing about. 1
Says who? 1
Fox News is Libtard trash 1
I'm starting to wonder if his sacking was just a clever ploy to troll fox from within... Dang shifty liberal media conspiracies! 1
you forgot the 1
You mean *causing* autism in folks? 1
Ahh so good to see the liberals know what they are doing 1
Kremlin because we don't want war with them 1
Im sure the Dallas police department will join you in chuckling... 1
But He's an old white man! 1
Sorry forgot the 1
You're forgetting that we're supposed to let independents be supervoters who get to tell any party they want who they should nominate. 1
Both parties are the same though! 1
That's why they invented the sarcasm mark: 1
Clearly having clean water -- or any water at all -- is completely unimportant because if you don't have air to breathe thirst doesn't matter to you until you get some air. 1
Yeah I guess they think Bernie should give up and allow Clinton to gather even more political influence. 1
And he's reported or arrested every cop he's seen break the law too. 1
Todays Republican =/= handicap 1
It will be fun to see how the republicans spin this... Sanders wants another 9/11... Sanders hates America... 1
didn't you hear racism is over because obama was elected and policy brutality is a thing of the past and you are just trying to start a war on cops 1
Must have been the vaccines. 1
Didn't he copy her on the whole birther thing? 1
You wish horror movies would remember that I am going to hell? 1
It's a good thing the other candidate is a shining beacon of honesty. 1
Wow... that was a very information filled article 1
"""But what *proof* do you have that that would even happen?""" 1
I think you dropped this. 1
Always a good use of tax money 1
But muh insurgency candidate! 1
so the Trumpers are like a shitty less intelligent version of Nazis? 1
We better get this contraceptive issue sorted out if we ever want this to improve. 1
Because why should police officers be held to greater standards than gangs? 1
Has it been unskewed yet? 1
Wow that is racist 1
TRIGGERED 1
Education is anti-american 1
Shut you goddamn mouth 1
They are weapon you can use to assault people! 1
Very reasoned and persuasive argument. 1
but thats scary and mean 1
Charli James is a shill for sanders CONFIRMED 1
You forgot 1
You forgot this 1
LOOK HOW WE'RE SUFFERING UNDER OBAMA'S LEGACY 1
This will really solve the unemployment problem faced by college graduates. 1
You mean Kenya? 1
You missed the 1
There is no evidence this person works for the Heritage Foundation. 1
Because drugs are terrible and evil and degrade society. 1
I was being very very sarcastic 1
Yeah but you're not FBI or DOJ so your opinion doesn't matter 1
hur hur why dont cha put down the game boy and turn on Fox news and listen to the corporate spin news rather than researching it yourself 1
You don't have real freedom unless you bet your livelihood and that of your family and could possibly get sick and die on a business venture. 1
But how else would we make rural voters' votes count for more than urban voters' votes? 1
Literally every democrat was on board and every one of them is moderate! 1
Good plan! 1
Yes because war and gun violence are so much the same. 1
How else you gonna sell a Mexican in Alabama? 1
And everyone is extremely surprised 1
Your forgot the 1
a fucking tidal wave 1
She'll change things. 1
What this article fails to note is that money spent on defense is constitutional whereas money spent to promote the general welfare is not. 1
Gee Whiz I can't imagine Shussh kids Uncle Rush has a big secret he want's to tell us. 1
Probably gay 1
We built this! 1
Because no other president would ever authorize that 1
Todd Akin for President 2016! 1
Not a big Katy perry fan eh? 1
Donald Trump finally takes the Conservative vision for abortion to its logical conclusion and all the other cuckservitives that are cucks for Obama are saying they don't want punishment in the event they broke a law. 1
Good thing we have such a great health care system. 1
What's not to be proud of Kaisich? 1
Things are so different now that the Wonk is speaker of the house! 1
Yup everyone knows that Republicans are the true friends of liberals 1
Yeah and that's the exact position the entire GOP had when they voted against allowing a vote on the bill. 1
But *why* can't we use them if we have them? 1
Shocker 1
Isn't it so horrible when people exercise their constitutional rights? 1
They're *so* persecuted. 1
everybody knows i only stereotype other races and genders when im excited! 1
Well obviously being deaf is just an excuse to resist arrest. 1
Yeah it's exactly the same. 1
:O 1
Thoughtful comment 1
Can you imagine if they all got together and donated a million a piece (which some of them actually do) -- the Koch's would be quivering in their boots! 1
Well who need facts in their textbooks anyway? 1
Sounds almost as bad as Star Trek..... 1
Why would I want universal healthcare if all it does is give the poor money they didn't earn? 1
Oh good. 1
But he's the real victim here 1
She could always make a career doing Tina Fey impressions. 1
Only if you're some kind of commie hippie. 1
No its not idiot! 1
Yeah how come nobody is proving that the lining in juice boxes doesn't make kids gay! 1
 1
Because governments have historically done such a good job of ensuring individuals' rights. 1
Seems like an unbiased site to me 1
Apple! 1
Found the Sander's supporter 1
ITT: people must've dropped this 1
Which is why they love Obama right? 1
It was a joke 1
They probably just want to attract boys 1
Giuliani? 1
Yeah I bet Romney stops that program on day 1. 1
It's 1
of course! 1
"It probably just stemmed from ""an abundance of transparency""." 1
Oh well if prisoners thought that then it must be true 1
Fact Checking is liberal conspiracy! 1
I think you dropped this 1
ya bro this is fake; pizza gate is real but this is fake 1
because apparently we are never allowed to change our minds. 1
Good save. 1
But how else will we root out the Islamist Jihad! 1
It's fake new guys all the mainstream media can do these days is lie. 1
This will of course solve the problem of unemployment among college graduates. 1
Fiscal conservatives! 1
Obviously it's good for the economy! 1
He must be anti-semetic 1
Must be because that damn muslin wants to piss off the pope and show him who is the most powerful man in the world. 1
but if we treat them like people how will they be properly punished for being poor? 1
Just like the gays 1
But Hillary is totally just as bad 1
MAYBE it'll be Louisiana :))) 1
It's okay because Trump didn't have sexual relations in the White House 1
He really is an environmentalist 1
How DARE those evil socialists help people by being generous! 1
And Hillary is worse. 1
Fucking PC culture at it again 1
Reality is HRC propaganda 1
Secret Muslim. 1
Presidential FBI background inquiries 1
Yeah but how slow was the recovery! 1
but that's ok because they are doing it for the greater good! 1
No we must force our way of life on them because our way of life is better. 1
Obviously filthy liberal lies and propaganda against the greatest health care system the world has ever seen! 1
But those poor people in that underdeveloped country need our aid! 1
How can you laugh when our sailors were held by those iranian scumbags for almost 20 hours? 1
Because they totally have nothing to talk shit on trump about 1
Socialist! 1
I'm sure that'll go through... 1
This won't get downvoted. 1
The lack of support of the youth couldn't be because she is a flawed candidate. 1
Bullets don't cost that much. 1
Main stream media will praise the diverse nature of the Texas vote in: 3...2...never. 1
besides... its all going to be replaces by automation anyway 1
Will it still produce chem trails? 1
I wonder what she was thinking when she was ordering the release of that into the street 1
Good thing Sotomayor is a God fearing strong libertarian that wants to restore the constitution and bring back small government! 1
Thats totally likely 1
Because it's what Jeebus would want... 1
I missed something: 1
To spread democracy... duh. 1
Finally someone says it in a way you can understand! 1
...of the NWO! 1
But hey the most important thing is we're not banning anyone right? 1
False flag conducted by lizard people. 1
How dare anyone challenge her right to the throne 1
The president should just read Reddit because everyone on here is an expert in something. 1
clearly an uncle tom! 1
It could have been $5.6 trillion if it weren't for that tax drain we call NASA 1
pshaw... objective reality and facts are for beta cucks and SJWs 1
because we had the horses before those filthy injuns did! 1
Yeah because atleast 35% of democratics nationally wouldn't vote for him right? 1
Because this has never been done before 1
Especially after what they did in the last 8 years in Libya and Afghanistan and how they armed the Syrian militants. 1
But Benghazi! 1
Because the GOP loooooves Trump and would do what he asks. 1
Censor the Internet. 1
Yes populism and racism are the same thing. 1
Gotta make up for Benghazi. 1
Jordan IS the Palestinian state. 1
Hey he got them VA. 1
They finally got him! 1
Its hateful that's what! 1
I'm sure criminals will start following those. 1
Not as important as the second though right? 1
Yea America never pushes other countries around it always keeps to itself and remains neutral on the global stage without trying to impose it's own agenda on anyone. 1
"""You didn't build that.""" 1
nice rebuttal 1
Shocker 1
Since when do our elected officials need to represent our needs and wishes? 1
Stop complaining the tea party is America's last bastion of hope. 1
FDR putting those sneaky japs in interment camps was a great move in America 1
Bush's are never to blame for their failures. 1
ITT: Dumbass ANTI-WAR HIPPY WIMPS forgetting about the SLUMBERING THREAT of WARSAW PACT ARMOUR in the case of a CENTRAL EUROPEAN INVASION! 1
He would reclassify Idiocracy as a documentary and teach it in civics class. 1
I'm very certain that Donald Trump was personally overseeing all rental applications. 1
That's very Republican of her 1
It'll only take 8 to 12 hours out of your day 1
Maybe Trump will name Snowden as SOS. 1
missing the 1
Well it was her fault for dressing like a slut anyway. 1
Here comes all that voter fraud! 1
Damn librul media is picking on Bobby! 1
you forgot the 1
Like InfoWars and Breitbart 1
Phew...and I thought there might have been constitutional infringements! 1
Now that just seems racially biased. 1
Because if you want all these things you must be a dirty fucking commie. 1
Best words. 1
because he's smart! 1
"But they aren't ""real"" Americans!" 1
You forgot the 1
Just say no to drugs! 1
"""Hillary's the REAL mobster!!!!""" 1
Bro have you even heard of ISIS? 1
That's comforting. 1
Spoken like a true sane individual 1
Nothing screams billionaire like suing for $5 million over a joke. 1
I agree.... sexual consent it overrated. 1
Because profits being at an all time-high is a myth. 1
But voting for the incumbent is the most patriotic thing you can do! 1
You sexist! 1
LOL - that's *exactly* what she said. 1
Like when capitalism solved Jim Crow and segregation without any government interference? 1
They can't vote... what's one more injury to their rights? 1
Quit being sexist. 1
Yeah that is why they went with the original route under a predominantly white city. 1
You mean we're going to see Missouri swing away from being a liberal stronghold? 1
I know I was and it was great! 1
You're not entitled to your own facts. 1
I keep forgetting! 1
What is good for Massachusetts is not necessarily good for the rest of America. 1
Yeah because the FBI/CIA don't have better things to do than to DDoS the drudge report. 1
deport the mexican that made that ladder too 1
No way THAT will be abused 1
What selfless and brave officers. 1
Bold military action is just the thing Americans are calling for. 1
God forbid our troops get the equipment and medical help they deserve! 1
Lizard people! 1
So you mean to tell me that people don't only move to places because of abstract ideas of politics and freedom? 1
Cause no democratic appointees have ever got in trouble. 1
His reputation will always be tarnished for picking the Tar Heels in 2012. 1
Nah bro you're a sexist. 1
We all know that underinflated footballs are a much bigger threat to the integrity of the game than players who beat their wives and girlfriends. 1
Don't drag Linux into this 1
But don't you know Brownback and the other hyper religious conservatives they voted for are all that stand between God fearing Kansans and King Obama and his infinite horde of gay men who want to forcibly gay marry all the boys? 1
But it worked so well the last time! 1
I'm sure sure we just don't have the full context of the situation. 1
We won't need social programs anymore because it's all gonna trickle down. 1
Sarah Palin! 1
Damn those libruls and their knife control! 1
Further proof that Trump is a Clinton plant. 1
And a debate with Bernie and peace talks are essentially the same thing. 1
Perhaps Poland or maybe Belgium. 1
Your reasoned analysis has swayed me. 1
Shh... It's a surprise! 1
you forgot the 1
NO FUCK YOU IT'S OBVIOUSLY FAKE NEWS do I even need the 1
This will swing the election. 1
You forgot this: 1
You're right we better get back to fighting against that evil gay marriage 1
That's because both parties are exactly the same. 1
She knows the value of a dollar! 1
I'm sure that they were taken down by the damn EPA's regulations. 1
This is just going to encourage the moochers to vote. 1
It perfectly points out how racist African Americans are. 1
You forgot your 1
Can't have the gays stealing all of our fluids...... Punish any men who give to the lesbian crusade~! 1
I thought Hillary already won it. 1
Global warming will fix that! 1
Nah that can't be it 1
Damn that treehugging communist hippie **Richard Nixon** for signing in the EPA! 1
But he's left-leaning so it's ok! 1
Yet the military is woefully underfunded and we need to increase spending. 1
Because you know those pro-lion people are just corporate shills who will rig the system 1
Wealth redistribution has always worked out before! 1
Hey I don't remember reading anywhere in the bible where Jesus handed out free healthcare. 1
But they're the party of Lincoln! 1
We should probably restrict voting rights to land owners. 1
But he's a racist Hitler 1
Just imagine how much worse that number would be if we didn't have the war on drugs! 1
Which is why Iraq is clearly Obama's mess... they finished their portion over a decade ago. 1
If passed I'm sure this law would have no negative consequences 1
But... But... Crooked Hillary... 1
So...Bernie? 1
Yea millions of voters were to totallyl disenfranchised 1
If that's true Mexico might start building a border fence themselves! 1
in related news... Hillary Clinton just scheduled campaign events every night of the week except Saturdays. 1
Implying there are long form birth certificates issued in Kenya. 1
Lets not forget - this lowers fuel prices in the US 1
The drug war is working out to be a great success! 1
I love how his advisers were trying to get him to stay away from Lewinsky and this is his response :) who doesn't want a President with the self control of a 5 year old 1
Hey but If Bernie losing in voting Trump ya know because both parties are the same anyway 1
Good thing all us plebs aren't smart enough to catch on to this unfathomably subtle strategy 1
Yah surely they were mistaken as voter fraud doesn't exist. 1
At least France let them have cake. 1
Yes because your bitching and moaning has added so much! 1
How else will she bring this nation to heal? 1
The southern strategy is a myth! 1
Can you please post on here and let us know when the cutting starts to work 1
That's because they were doing the right thing! 1
Racist 1
GASP! 1
Small govt 1
She also killed Scalia with a drone strike and personally orchestrated Benghazi! 1
You forgot the 1
I thought Reagan smashed the wall 1
"God I hope he has someone write a ""How to Make Friends and Influence People"" book for him." 1
the op is crazy 1
how could you possibly forget that stunning display of party unity? 1
They are the same color as Obama; therefore evil. 1
They probably say Hillary was the 19th 9/11 hijacker Or at least that's what I'll just assume and never follow up on 1
The House GOP protecting us from Obama's socialist-communist policies is what saved the day! 1
Just pull yourself up by your bootstraps! 1
... 1
Bill Nye must be a shill. 1
Good strategy. 1
Im sure the Republicans in their southern strong hold really wanted to free all their slaves 1
Republicans will solve this...I can't wait for their first legislative actions to address all the things wrong in the American economy ever since this POTUS took office. 1
R.I.N.O. 1
B...b...b...b'but Republicans are pro-life. 1
Trump is going to bring the jobs back. 1
But they're all the same! 1
I'm sure he did. 1
how could you compare the assassination of a brown terrorist to intruding on the rights of americans? 1
Hillary Clinton would never delete messages 1
YES IT SURE IS TOTALLY UNREASONABLE TO FEAR A COUNTRY INVADING SOVEREIGN NATIONS AND ANNEXING ONCE-AUTONOMOUS STATES FOR ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL REASONS 1
Forgot the 1
Uh... you must not know me very well. 1
Thank you saint Ronny Regan. 1
It would be going fine if the damn Jews weren't sabotaging them! 1
I forgot the 1
Well damn you to hell then! 1
medium rare or gtfo my country 1
We only have all these private sector jobs because of CTR shills! 1
Gotta be the 1
You seem like a pleasant person. 1
States rights! 1
It's (still) HER TURN! 1
OMG the next president is taking advice from a rapist/murderer/racist 1
As long as her medical benefits don't include contraception I don't care. 1
That Cadillac-driving welfare queen sure gets around. 1
But schools teach liberal values and highways are socialism. 1
Fuck no he was banging my wife the scum deserved to die. 1
On God's day... fuck you.. 1
I should have added 1
add the 1
You don't think doggies are nice? 1
I cant wait for Trump to start the Mexican Holocaust and gas chamber all the Muslims and attack China 1
Satirical news articles aren't allowed on this subreddit. 1
Seems legit. 1
Wowie....sounds like you just want trump to win the election. 1
Elect him and see! 1
But I heard he's the most antigun human to ever walk the earth 1
Well thank god we are banning all the muslims... 1
Civil war is the only answer lol 1
What do you expect with all those guns flooding in from Vermont? 1
Why didn't anyone bring up this very valid point during yesterdays AMA? 1
Believing that would make you *puts on sun glasses* ...a conspiracy theorist. 1
The one with the most money gets to decide. 1
I can't wait to hear what God-Emperor Trump has to say about this! 1
A $300 fine will really deter lobbyists from violating the state ethics rules 1
But they were coloured so it doesn't count. 1
Maybe the Bucks can teach the kids down at the new stadium? 1
The one where Bernie is winning 1
You can't argue with success! 1
Clearly this means we need to set up new laws to give every newborn baby in the US a gun and concealed carry permit. 1
Without a doubt now I've truly been convinced that Canadiens know what's best for the US 1
Communist America is best America 1
I think you dropped this: 1
No obviously not 1
The concern that Breitbart has for members of the Democratic Party running for office is truly touching. 1
I have a feeling absolutely nothing could go wrong. 1
I think you forgot the 1
:O 1
Ideally we would begin the change to universal health care... but socialism is bad mmkay? 1
Can't sue if you're dead! 1
Why do you hate their freedom to be ultragigahyper wealthy? 1
Stop being expressive and just say what you mean. 1
Prescient 1
The ones that hold their mortgages. 1
Maybe there was a missing 1
"German citizen... And ""I voted"" flair He obviously knows what's up" 1
So brave of them of them to support it now that public opinion is clearly in favor too. 1
She won get over it. 1
and he conspired to have Obama elected! 1
Oh they're just sex slaves not actual slaves carry on! 1
Another success story in the war against drugs. 1
Which is why we need the wall 1
You mean their free speech is being censored! 1
I think you're forgetting Lincoln's campaign against half of the country... 1
Don't ya know all that money goes to bombs used to blow up innocent children in the desert! 1
It was just a sheriff's star! 1
The republicans must understand that Obama and Clinton aren't responsible for Benghazi because Bush did some things we don't like. 1
Maybe he's purposely trying to show how shitty the US government system is by doing all this to educate the Americans by showing them indirectly by making a mockery of it 1
Vote Republican and get her Medicare taken away. 1
It's your goddamn California values 1
Better go buy some shares for some fair representation! 1
NO absolutely not because.. wait for it.. you're a fucking communist. 1
Yes because the Sanders supporters' demographic is known for its high voter turnout/being old enough to vote... 1
Judging on the scowl on both of their faces they haven't even had sex in eight years. 1
Thank God people such as you are so enlightened and unbigoted. 1
But don't you feel the Bern? 1
It's signed by Clinton so it has to be crooked. 1
Tell me you're missing an 1
found the carnivore 1
We need to stop making gradual slow improvements over time.and just fucking fix things already 1
You dropped this: 1
"One of the interns wrote ""legalize weed"" wrong on accident and now we're here" 1
This seems like *exactly* what Alexander Hamilton had in mind when he proposed the electoral college in the 1780s. 1
sorry. 1
Wait so you are saying if we ban non-rifles it will cut crime by 97%? 1
totally didn't expect the capitalized r next to his name 1
And that's worked out so well for us.. 1
Surely you forgot the 1
It's just like Salon only more right-wing. 1
Your facts and science have no place here. 1
New York values... 1
How dare we allow competition against Hillary! 1
well NYT is unbiased 1
All caps so it must be true. 1
But it's her turn and i'm with her 1
Can't wait for John Boehner to tell me why this is the worst thing to happen to humanity 1
Yaaaay. 1
Such a prescient cautionary tale. 1
Well if they weren't always late! 1
lol - especially the opening statement that she got to write for herself. 1
yea Hillary being president will end sexism the same way Obama ended racism. 1
Sounds like a plan to me 1
Forgot the 1
The God-Emperor can pardon state crimes. 1
Count me shocked! 1
But I thought if everyone had a gun then they were safer. 1
Maybe they just like guns and are expressing their right to conceal and carry. 1
It's nice to know the mind of god. 1
Trump's attempt to get members of the other political party to VOTE for him is definitely what a dictator would do. 1
Guess I have to sell my second kidney so I can donate more money! 1
Sounds fair and well reasoned. 1
Churches are people too! 1
Way to sell out. 1
Preventing the worldwide spread of Communism 1
Thanks Bernie! 1
"And yet he is ""successful"" and has 10 billion." 1
the attorney general should look into his situation 1
This shouldn't be an issue since Republicans and churches are so generous...surely no one will go hungry. 1
And now we have a chance to be a part of the Axis instead of the Allies! 1
People should be grateful for the opportunity to be in a precarious situation in which they're paid to do what they're told. 1
"I guess there were none of Trump's ""poll watchers"" around to keep things honest." 1
HE HAS A WIDE STANCE! 1
Ya but we don't need those.... 1
Those immigrants were the main reason for wall street crashing. 1
The FBI is part of the patriarchy... 1
It's judicial activism through inaction! 1
You're only saying that because they're both black 1
Yeah and we all know how much Rand Paul is opposed to decreased military spending... 1
"""A rose by any other name would smell as sweet""" 1
Because what would be great is even less in the way of the super rich and corrupt to exploit the country 1
If only he would stop being racist towards that poor black woman... 1
But it FEELS right 1
because she was innocent 1
Don't forget the Iraq war too you unpatriotic traitor! 1
The FBI was clearly taken out of context here. 1
I'm sure nypost has a 'reliable' source to back up its claim right? 1
Well SOMEONE had to! 1
They must have worked really really hard. 1
Making TN proud. 1
We try. 1
The free market will fix it. 1
I heard the female body naturally closes down if sexually harassed? 1
but god 1
This def sounds like her. 1
Yeah police being fearful of the populace is really working out well for you guys 1
And that's a family planning method we can all agree on... 1
She could be in the early stages of dementia. 1
And that could be fudged to look like 100 years 1
Clearly the only guy in the race giving up his microphone to BLM protesters wants to start a race war 1
Yes let's discuss the issue as if the only charitable foundation is the Clinton's. 1
But my safety may be at risk! 1
probably should've added a 1
So THAT'S why the American economy was so down in the 80's and 90's! 1
But Socialism is bad. 1
President Trump will ban crooked campaign tactics other than stadium rallies and Tweeting. 1
I demand Sanders make his Koch brothers speeches public. 1
It is amazing how politicians can be cured of decades old habits in one week while everyone else takes intensive therapy over months and years. 1
Which is why they didn't get fired immediately and didn't report the breach 1
Everyone knows that Bernie supporters have such low energy because they spend all day thinking 1
He has to roll in his grave so the fires of hell can roast him evenly on all sides 1
A reasonable argument... Plausible assumption on the public's mindset... YOU HILLARY SHILL! 1
Why can't Democrats just accept that thousands of people are going to die from gun violence every year? 1
SHE ALREADY SAID THERE'S NOTHING TO HIDE AND THAT ALL THE DELETED ONES WERE ABOUT YOGA AND STARBUCKS ;;) 1
And Hillary is the most honorable and honest candidate in human history. 1
If they always go red then they shouldn't be part of the USA 1
Will we BERN him at the stake? 1
Yeah but they wouldn't have to reduce his SS and disability if Obama and liberals didn't ruin the economy and create this disaster we're living in. 1
Sorry I guess I'm just low information 1
Sad! 1
So I guess all those folks will be apologizing what they said in all the other stories about it being her fault and how she was behind it all. 1
Don't worry Trump is a plant put in by Obama so he can suspend the constitution after Trump wins the election 1
Worked out so great for us last time. 1
Obviously no well known liberal policy wonks endorsed Clinton. 1
He'll be fine in office because his advisors will help him think on his feet more effectively 1
Well driving 5mph under the speed limit and following all laws of the road because you're paranoid can be dangerous too. 1
I'm shocked! 1
that's because the media... it's so liberal.... 1
You forgot this: 1
I'm sure that won't cost the taxpayers more money 1
Wow what logic 1
Because the other side played fair the entire election 1
Well we all know their families are just as guilty 1
I am sure this will get PLENTY of coverage... the whole country will be talking about it tomorrow! 1
At least they didn't elect no terrorist into the white house 1
The're just doing it for the tax write off. 1
President of the United States sounds like a job that would have a good work-life balance 1
Good thing they're focusing on these trespassers! 1
Well after this release of info there is no way I could vote for Hillary Clinton. 1
your mistaken....that's failure to comply with court order. 1
Yes because the right wing would never attack Carter and get traction with the electorate like they have with Clinton. 1
All right... all right... but apart from the supreme court and abortion rights and climate change and the economy and a path to citizenship and trade wars and citizen's united and student loans... what Clinton policies do you even support? 1
Oh that's surprising 1
Don't worry - the trickle down surge from all those lowest-taxes-on-the-rich-in-history should hit workers any minute now. 1
Still nothing compared to 2008 Obama. 1
Reddit: we did it! 1
You forgot this 1
Yeah because all liberals have said that 1
I thought Sanders wanted a book deal and a show on MSNBC. 1
poor people should die! 1
it is impressive how fast he can dig with such small hands! 1
I'm sure he hasn't deleted a single one. 1
It's a hoax like that Chinese invented Global Warming. 1
Don't you cook me no meals with that devil lettuce son 1
color me srprised 1
And if *she* can't figure out what it means and doesn't follow the judge's orders she goes to jail and Trumpkins rejoice and dance a merry jig! 1
I heard it was a landslide! 1
Proud day for all of us. 1
*Hope* really did well the last 8 years 1
The one she helped write was definitely better. 1
Glad they're looking for an actual debate. 1
I think four months would be a reasonable time period. 1
gotta ban that health hazard porn though 1
Don't you know that the Donald only chooses winners? 1
Sure if Hawaii is a state why not Canada? 1
Because he's Voldemort 1
Such a nasty person 1
Yeah none of the last 20 years worth of presidents could ever be linked to drug abuse. 1
I see the great economist Lind proposes a wonderful alternative. 1
Well diversity IS white genocide... 1
shouldn't be a problem - they've got such a deep bench 1
Maybe they could break them up into a series of tweets or have Alex Jones read them out on his radio station. 1
She's clearly hacking! 1
Don't forget the American Healthcare Act for the Care of American Health. 1
I'm so glad that the Prison Industry has the freedom of speech it needs to bribe politicians into creating these conditions. 1
But only men can be sexist 1
but.. BUILD THE WALL? 1
Probably opposed to state owned and private prisons for the same reason 1
Repeal the 'free association' parts of the First Amendment? 1
They hate them for their freedom. 1
More great America coming soon 1
"That's what we need a ""war general"" as president who's ""tough on terrorism""." 1
Because prisons are ideal places to get pregnant. 1
Depends in which state you're passing over at the time. 1
Libertarians and conservatives are working their hardest to stand up to the rich and fight for the poor 1
Because punishing businesses for operating as efficiently as possible will kickstart this struggling economy! 1
You forgot 1
Everyone knows the top of the curve is the best because it's the highest up! 1
Don't you idiots know that pretending something doesn't exist means it will go away? 1
BUT BOTH PARTIES ARE EXACTLY THE SAME! 1
Because the government is known for spending tax money so wonderfully! 1
Yeah gerrymandering is great 1
But I thought the MSM was in the pocket of Clinton ... 1
I'm sure that all stories will get published regardless of their alignment with the GOP agenda. 1
Yeah we know how Israel and the Jewish people living there are so biased against Hitler 1
Ya your reply right shouldnt have the calories or ingredients on them either just Google it. 1
Liberal scum! 1
America is literally the worst country in the world and is going to crash in burn in ten years. 1
But he doesn't settle 1
They just need to get Trump to fly to Dallas. 1
But if we gave them clean water that would only create dependency. 1
What a pathetically scathing attack comment you've posted. 1
They clearly are doing their job right. 1
The solution to a bad photo op is clearly to escalate the situation. 1
They get abortions all the time. 1
I want to see a birth certificate. 1
I hope this shuts up everyone who thinks Southerners are a bunch of trigger-happy idiots who are filled with fear. 1
The good thing is we got the potheads are off the street. 1
Yes because clearly clamping down on illegal immigration while encouraging legal immigration is white nationalism. 1
Buh-buh reddit told me all the media does is try to convince us poor gullible black people that evil whitey is out to get them and racism is totes over! 1
You dropped your 1
Well of course *broads* disapprove of Trump. 1
Conservatives have a right to be angry because they would never levy such rude accusations toward Moooochheelllllllll. 1
I thought we didn't want Russians meddling in our elections? 1
Great retort 1
Nothing to see in the server scrapings - just yoga schedules and recipes for Arkansas pudding pie for Chelsea's wedding 1
Time to switch to AMD... 1
Don't forget she was named after the first man to climb Mt Everest: Sir Edmund Hillary. 1
Shocking 1
Great reason. 1
Good thing we have an electoral college to make sure a demagogic populist doesn't become President. 1
Trump should launch an IPO of trump organization so that citizens can buy stocks and profit from his conflict of interest 1
It's impossible as no plagiarism occurred. 1
That's why UPS dumps off so many packages for the post office to deliver. 1
Just kick back and wait for Deathrace to actually happen 1
Pissing off all Hispanics should definitely help with that 1
can't expect them to make the same investments in the future their parents did for them obviously 1
That's exactly how the CCW trained person would react 1
But how many did it *save*? 1
A billionaire who has never paid taxes is *so* the hero of the working class. 1
Because raising the minimum wage will end employment as we know it 1
I feel safer knowing that you are a cop and you see things divided racially. 1
I'm going to believe anything I want because nothing in this world matters? 1
So sexist! 1
That attitude will definitely help unify the party if she's the nominee 1
Trump supporters are the pick of the litter 1
Dude he already posted links to some highly reputable blogs proving his point! 1
"""All illegal immigrants from Mexico are rapists"" .. totally not racist" 1
Well yeah but there is less money in *my* bank account. 1
People in locker rooms. 1
sigh Sarcasm comes through so easily in text also .... 1
They want our coal. 1
You're forgetting about the baby killing bus they use for mobile abortions... 1
But Bernie can still win. 1
YOU'RE FAKE NEWS THE MEDIA JUST WANTS US TO BELIEVE THAT HES BORN IN 1930 BUT HES REALLY HUNDREDS OF YEARS OLD TRYING TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD SO IT CAN BE RULES BY LIBERALS YOU PUPPET! 1
Starting a class war is always a good way to increase support for your candidate. 1
liberal bias 1
Trump 2016 1
"Wait till you hear the nightmare one... ""Trump pulls off yuuuge upset""" 1
With no help at all...... 1
Surely these optics will help with his dwindling AA vote share 1
Seems like an unbiased and totally reasonable source to me. 1
Now that's what I call a mandate! 1
TIL that being an admin with full system privileges makes you a hacker. 1
*shock* That can't be true! 1
You forgot this: 1
The 20th Century was overrated. 1
What a great reason to vote for someone. 1
I guess I dropped an 1
But Muslims.... But illegal immigrants.... But Blacks... 1
Yes yes this is good for bitcoin 1
hehehe we wont get damaged as much if we nuke somewhere other than US no problem man no problem what is humanity anyways? 1
You say that but you don't really mean it come election time 1
Can you really be part of the 99% while owning/driving a car in Manhattan? 1
But that's communism 1
...because everybody knows a property owner. 1
I for one am shocked. 1
Racist. 1
I totally want to back a government that assassinates its defectors with polonium. 1
You dropped your 1
alphamales don't sexually assault women who were clearly asking for it by being around them. 1
Rigged.... 1
what could possibly go wrong? 1
It's Obamacare's fault 1
Yea I mean who could survive on that little money? 1
Better ban the internet. 1
Yeah wasting time by being a social human.... 1
Good to see that all that money spent militarizing the US police forces is going to such a good use. 1
Thank god it is so easy to determine who is a criminal and who isn't just by looking at them. 1
Sure if you say so it must be right. 1
"A self post by ""Berniebro"" This is going to be enlightening and unbiased I'm sure." 1
Apparently you're both color and god blind. 1
I've looked at this blog's articles and see no apparent bias 1
You forgot the 1
Do you still beat your wife? 1
That sure sounds like resisting-arrest to me. 1
Oh no! 1
But how else would we be able to liberate people in the Middle East? 1
Empathy is for the weak. 1
I just **knew** he was weak on foreign policy. 1
Stolen at gunpoint obv. 1
Nice try equating same sex marriage to pedophilia though. 1
You dropped this 1
Actually it's the liberal media and democratic party's rigging that will take care of that 1
I'm sure he's just warning the good people of Nevada about the Judo-Bolshevik conspiracy. 1
He doesn't use Canadian toilets...he doesn't want the foreigners to think he gives a shit. 1
Hashtag Benghazi hashtag Bergdahl hashtag Obummer. 1
But Obama takes too many golf trips! 1
Gee I wonder why they hate her so much if she's *basically* a Republican 1
Thats the spirit! 1
Well when most people do it so will he! 1
WE'LL GET HER THIS TIME DAMN IT! 1
I love it how he tells it like it is. 1
Those protests are very effective. 1
The truth is Rasmussen 1
I'm sure if he just keeps digging deeper he'll get out of that hole. 1
Gasoline combustion engine 1
Trump was dressed proactively. 1
It doesn't feel true. 1
If'n you don't than one of them their tornado thingies is a gonna take out your heathen back side. 1
You're right that is the dichotomy. 1
"Because Obama's ""stimulus"" worked so well right?" 1
TIL the_donald is a operation to discredit trump 1
But then how will we charge a poll tax? 1
Why don't you people realize that it was the Russians. 1
Tell that to the ddos attack your toaster just participated in! 1
Because i'm sure Trump is just gonna soak up the moderate support. 1
But that won't stop me from getting angry! 1
NO IT MUST BE A CONSPIRACY 1
But this is the system we have! 1
The klan endorses Exuberant_Murica's message. 1
But brexit though! 1
I'm sure this will put the whole thing to bed. 1
Only because he didn't really want to win 1
No cuz Obama's right this time. 1
The proof you've presented seems infallible 1
you sound almost as sexist as that awful Burnhee Sandhers guy. 1
They point out a lot of Trump's hypocrisy and aren't afraid to admit their bias so obviously it's fake shill news that only tells lies. 1
Don't worry the tax payers are footing the bill! 1
"""Not REAL socialism!""" 1
In Canada we don't use Zip code 1
Great argument. 1
All hail Dictator Trump 1
So do we want her to die or what? 1
Yeah some of them could hunt tens of millions of mammoths every year and these industrious fellows are the ancestors of our modern day CEOs. 1
Infrastructure will be great with Christie 1
Well he had that great policy to deport 11 million illegals and build a wall that Mexico was going to pay for. 1
Best to just leave them in the coal industry that was becoming obsolete 50 years ago obviously 1
Applause 1
Right I totally forgot when Obama started the war in Afghanistan. 1
BUT REAL UNEMPLOYMENT IS 47%! 1
no they're just sellouts 1
Thanks for taking our jorbs. 1
Taking on the real issues 1
I usually just call them naggers. 1
I'm sure murdering children in cold blood will really help their cause. 1
Can't imagine why. 1
RIGGED! 1
I'm sure this won't be abused in huge quantities. 1
Because Bernie's voting record was so different from the Democratic party 1
DWS 1
Because they're not scientists. 1
If he didn't he's stupid and his opinion is irrelevant. 1
Busy hands are happy hands. 1
You sound like a racist bigot. 1
Perhaps this attempt to legislate morality will succeed where the rest have failed... 1
Oh that money doesn't bias her in any way though. 1
...because that is *clearly* what he said. 1
Don't forget my man Rand. 1
I think it was 1
But no one is enthusiastic enough to actually volunteer or donate for Clinton! 1
But his supporters are so passionate they will work for free. 1
Because patriarchy 1
Comments like this should win them over! 1
Well at least we wouldn't have to hear them complaining about how their version of football is better. 1
It's okay you're tired and misspoke 1
You mean the federal laws she broke vs racism Yeah the racism is worse 1
It's nice that this liberal periodical has so glowingly endorsed Sanders without any ulterior motives whatsoever. 1
so you're a non-traditional student? 1
You forgot the 1
That's because it's the *wrong* faith. 1
But but but I thought the republicans were the party of less government/more freedom. 1
How comforting. 1
Someone's sounding awfully like a communist. 1
Then it's even more illegal and deadly. 1
Scary Democrats more like it 1
Warren must be a a wall street shill since she endorsed Hillary 1
"Supposedly the ""conservatives"" on the court should strike down DOMA because the Constitution does not give federal government power to regulate marriage." 1
You must not really support him then 1
Good thing both parties are the same 1
Oh yeah because meeting with the pope is in no way beneficial to his campaign 1
You stopped reading after number one huh... yup I'm convinced. 1
Something something slippery slope. 1
I want to see Trump's birth certificate in long form and I want some proof he's a xtian before I consider him my president. 1
Yes I'm sure it is much harder to get a job at WalMart than be accepted to Harvard. 1
Oh I'm sure you're perfectly balanced with that 1
But BLM isn't a hate organization! 1
"Obviously not on the fox news poll where 136.5% of ""real 'mericans"" say the wealthy should not have to pay any taxes." 1
ya think? 1
This is why companies should require applicants to have served time in prison. 1
you dropped this 1
This is a shocker. 1
Nope I make 30k a year and Sanders ain't taking it to pay for some sick persons medical bills. 1
And she and her staff were completely cooperative. 1
This hasn't happened before. 1
Because the thought of her running after Bill's presidency had never crossed anyone's mind 1
s/Amish/Mormon/g Still believable 1
Because having your ISP end up being run like the Flint water utility is a *great* idea. 1
"Just say ""Advancing to the rear"" instead of ""Running"" sounds better." 1
Clearly he's pandering to the felons for their vote 1
Yea it's really pro-military to dismiss a soldier who died in battle as not being a good enough sacrifice 1
You dropped this 1
"Omg so a liberal organization's ""study"" scores Trump's plan negatively!" 1
Lock her up! 1
But everyone against our point of view must be extremist right guys? 1
Lol I should have included a 1
shellfishperson uncovered a ploy by Hillary Clinton to hide from the media and Trump. 1
Don't forget that anti-establishment VP too! 1
Worked so far 1
fucking liberals always asking for proof. 1
Yeah really he could have at least done the DAB while he was there. 1
Art history obviously. 1
They must be working very hard 1
If they didn't have guns the toddlers would stab people! 1
Both candidates are the same. 1
I know I go to shady russian youtube stations for all of my breaking political news needs 1
I bet if I waterboarded you long enough you would admit that it works..... 1
Yeah the GOP totally let Hillary skate by on Benghazi and E-mails! 1
But it's not *exactly* the same. 1
Plus she's running a child slavery/porn ring out of a pizza shop's basement in DC! 1
Will Donald Trump condemn the liberal animals for vandalizing a grave site? 1
In the church's locker room every talks this way. 1
Don't you know it's only voter fraud if a democrat does it? 1
Why do you think we've been upping our drone programs? 1
"oh look a foxnews fanboy is here with all his useful information he learned on the only news channel that is ""fair and balanced""..." 1
Damn uppity women. 1
Just another responsible gun owner excercising his rights under the 2nd Amendment. 1
But both parties are the same 1
Yah because Sarbanes-Oxley was definitely in the corporation's benefit. 1
It's not like Trump has lied or changed his views or positions about anything right 1
But you came from his rib. 1
So he's already becoming a good politician 1
You didn't address my question. 1
Clearly more guns is the answer 1
But the accountants only took 1 minute to think of it! 1
But I thought he was a misogynist? 1
Check out the sex tape! 1
I saw thar truck near Hillary Clinton's house after she was asked to publish the speech transcripts. 1
Make a guess and shove money into one program. 1
Yeah totally showing in the results 1
Re-stating tired one liners disparaging governing really does a wonder to help the debate. 1
You forgot the 1
Either that or it was hacked by that 4chan guy the news reported on last year. 1
So has the war against poverty and we keep giving the poor cash. 1
How progressive 1
"""But Hillary was the same...""" 1
Nixon did a good job ending the war. 1
That's debatable 1
That will give Romney some legitimacy. 1
Sounds like he's willing to compromise..... 1
Only whites can be racist. 1
To bad they have to go back to school. 1
Beer n guns fer-ever. 1
But they deserve it because they're job creators! 1
Yes...a conflict of interest is quite damning! 1
Free speech is reserved for those who hold the correct beliefs. 1
You sure you don't want to see her in a disrobed state? 1
But Clinton doesn't let these people influence her politics 1
Because right now they're all functioning perfectly. 1
Which is not at all why he said it 1
Because working for UPS is such a terrible horrible thing. 1
Wow-I guess that meeting with Gore was real productive! 1
Thanks Obama. 1
I think he dropped his 1
You forgot the 1
nah man he was behind 9/11 it it his fault Bush ignored the warnings he received 1
Checks out! 1
You dropped this 1
They're putting him in charge of the Gulags? 1
The ones that are America and are great again! 1
Stop cyberbullying him! 1
Actually it's impossible for corporations to lose money because they're evil 1
"but ""some of my best friends are black!""" 1
But have they been chosen by Kenyan Muslim ISIS sympathizers? 1
But she fought the law and the law ... lost 1
Obviously had the French had stricter gun control policies they would have prevented the Paris attacks 1
Thanks for the mansplaining. 1
Clearly he can't do *anything* right 1
Time to build an American gulag in Alaska. 1
I didn't realize tearing down cities and rebuilding them was required for communism 1
You forgot the 1
Yeah all the tariffs he calls for are super free market. 1
Well they probably weren't very good pianos 1
Unlike your candidate 1
Think he forgot the 1
Well they lie to us about global warming so why not this? 1
What a leader! 1
youre so virtuous 1
Kim K got robbed and youre mean if you joke. 1
but gravity is just a theory not a fact 1
Better a million 'deserving' people be denied than one person be allowed to commit fraud/take advantage of the system. 1
Oh well if Salon is on the case then consider it solved! 1
Better yet just abolish the minimum wage 1
HuffPo is in the tank for Trump 1
of course you dont understand pssh beta 1
I'm sure this theft was reported right away and isn't something they just made up to smear Sanders and deflect attention. 1
right 1
But he's Mitt Romney so he isn't a person. 1
Yeah that damn progressive Reagan! 1
But Millennials are a bunch of spoiled kids who don't understand politics! 1
But but... He was Coooool! 1
And supply side economics works 100% of the time. 1
But he's an outsider! 1
Shoutouts to Conservapedia 1
Yeah but Trump is a blue collar billionaire 1
Because They're With Her. 1
Good thing us Texans can just secede. 1
Right because the NSA functions on pettiness 1
So basically we should just privatize everything and make it a for profit business? 1
I think you missed the 1
You sound like a fun person to be friends with 1
He should've listened to police and stop acting so thuggish 1
Can someone translate? 1
So glad to see them spending so much time on the important issues our country faces! 1
Jesus was a proud 'merican. 1
He helps people that aren't white. 1
sounds like the man i want in charge 1
You for the 1
because you know what they need more then themselves. 1
..but propaganda doesn't work on me. 1
The party of fiscal responsibility. 1
"They call them ""red states"" for a reason..." 1
He makes up for that by getting rid of the estate tax which is a huge boon for the poor and middle class. 1
Except you forget that it will ruin straight marriages and erode our moral landscape. 1
There are no real people! 1
Shame he didn't run for president or something. 1
I guess I forgot the 1
That's just what CTR *would* say.... 1
That definitely makes him qualified 1
I did hear him say that he thought Wal Mart employees should be paid the same as doctors. 1
Obviously he's a terrorist. 1
Yeah but how can we have a country if we don't have boarders? 1
Trump is the victim here. 1
"If he's not a ""terrible president but are very nice painter"" then maybe he's a terribld painter but a good leader..." 1
Yeah that's really worked for us in the past 1
Progressives are anti-racist! 1
NO ITS BECAUSE SHES A WOMAN AND WE HERE AT REDDIT HATE FEMINISTS 1
The speed of light was constructed to store photons. 1
Proof that climate change IS a Chinese hoax! 1
But Sarah Palin said if we drill baby drill it would solve America's energy crisis. 1
Yeah because Russia is the pinnacle of freedom and liberty. 1
Clinton: So like with a Sharpener? 1
Yaaaay McCarthyism! 1
yeah we should get the government to tell businesses who they should and shouldn't do business with 1
Political donations are clearly only a problem when they go to Republicans. 1
Good thing Clinton doesn't pose a threat to national security 1
Will this hurt his campaign? 1
You forgot this 1
Lazy bums! 1
Bring back the good old gold standard! 1
anti-semite. 1
Because e-mails and BENGHAZI. 1
Because the best way to ensure you get a well-built bridge is to pay the guys building it less. 1
Like they did with Bundy? 1
So? 1
I like where this pattern is going 1
She's so in touch with the everyday American 1
I guess I forgot the 1
At least they can't sue for wrongful execution 1
but the GOP and Trump would have totally gracefully accepted these results had the shoe been on the other foot 1
Fox News - class act the whole way. 1
Beautiful..No 1
Maintaining the Hegemony costs money. 1
"You mean ""cuckservatives""" 1
See you on the front page. 1
It's just this type of business accumen we need to fix this country. 1
Please tell me you forgot the 1
I though they were supposed to cut taxes? 1
The Democrats are losing the Reddit vote by acknowledging women exist. 1
It's a wonder why you're not someone's campaign manager or you're not a policy writer 1
Where we're going we don't need space! 1
The poor are doing just great in Kansas with their recent freedom increasing tax cuts. 1
I for one welcome our Crony Capitalist Utopia 1
It's not socialist when the government gives money to people who don't need it. 1
you forgot your 1
Loading times add suspense! 1
Hey at least they aren't payday loans 1
Yeah enforcing the existing immigration law is fascist... 1
Glad black people have an ally in progressives 1
got to love unchecked capitalism 1
How can this be.... Unions are ALWAYS there for the little guy. 1
Get yer grubby govn't hands off of my Medicare! 1
Yeah you should link salon or Huffington post instead! 1
I guess we better believe her because she said it! 1
They only need one book 1
I didn't know the president had control of when and where attacks happen and who dies. 1
We should hate them for investing their money instead of giving it away. 1
the only book you need is the bible 1
But.. But.. She's a progressive.. 1
Funny how conservatives are so excited to confirm a Jewish Supreme Court Justice 1
Its the Russians! 1
Sounds like something a racist would say. 1
We are all happy they have nothing more important to do. 1
TIL: people don't give a shit 1
Color me shocked. 1
Because politics is the standard on which we judge people 1
But Donald assured us that dead corpses will be the deciding factor in winning the election! 1
I smell some well deserved paid vacation. 1
"Naw remember as a violent race of subhumans we can hold our own against the ""normals"" and their foreign flags." 1
Oh yeah that would never happen. 1
It's a real profile in courage. 1
But isn't the medial all liberal drive? 1
Totally the same as MSNBC 1
I'm sure something like voter fraud would be aired by the main stream media. 1
What could possibly go wrong by incentivizing prison sentences? 1
Don't forget he's a Canadian too! 1
Just the type of well thought out and insightful response id expect from a Hillary supporter who thinks continuing to ignore the largest population groups across the United States is a good idea 1
I like how the article has a picture of Hillary digging her own political grave. 1
You forgot the 1
America deserves better than the prosperity of the 90s pitted against the clusterfuck of the 2000s so lets lump Clinton and Bush together! 1
Just wait until after the debates. 1
Trump's fool proof ask them system would prevent that 1
Yes... it had absolutely nothing to do with 200 assault rifles. 1
yes thats what it was 1
But the War on Drugs has gone so well for the US though 1
No they will miss Cruz to much. 1
Yeah no candidate needs independents 1
GOP loves vets.. 1
It was his privilege. 1
Yeah that totally makes sense 1
Don't forget to vote for HRC if she gets the nomination 1
Any nudes yet? 1
"try this next time at the end of your ""joke"":" 1
We need to know what happened at Benghazi! 1
I'm sure Clinton will tackle it head on 1
you forgot 1
You're talking crazy. 1
Obama was born long before 9/11 so it must be his fault. 1
Looks like we need to enforce those gun-free zones in government buildings! 1
Good point! 1
The way Jesus would've written it! 1
Record: corrected Thank you 1
Wait I thought the constitution only applied to *people*? 1
But it'd be greener if Bernie won 1
You forgot the 1
Well good thing he's never been known to lie before. 1
And the slowing of wind to a crawl... 1
Sounds like something a real professional would do. 1
You're just mad because he corrected the record. 1
Just hold your nose and eat the Taco Bell 1
He means it this time! 1
But birth control is murder... 1
Good job addressing the comment your replied to 1
Proof that Bernie Sanders is a menace to society. 1
Now this is constructive criticism. 1
I must say I am terribly shocked! 1
Yeah says the guy with THAT username! 1
Just be happy that that rich guy gives you a job and that you have the pleasure of working for him. 1
"That would be an ""entitlement.""" 1
Obama doesn't count -- he's only half black. 1
Because Neera Tanden is worth listening to. 1
But but but God....... 1
why do you hate brown people? 1
Apparently the blacks didn't turn out to vote against him 1
Because here in jersey my governor is allowed to tell me how I can and can't hurt my body but fill his with artery clogging cheese burgers! 1
"Bu...but...""Clinton Cash""!" 1
He'll probably pay them from the Trump Foundation so they are the ones admitting guilt! 1
I'm gonna vote to keep the club running so that it will still be sweet when I get there. 1
But he's a commie Muslim who wants to take away our guns and impose Sharia Law! 1
But but but... Socialism! 1
As a Texas I am still proud to be home of Gov Good Hair. 1
Because the minority vote will go to the Repubs if Sanders wins primary 1
You forgot your 1
Yeah because salon has way better articles. 1
well then you are the uncle tom of muslims! 1
You're a burden because you don't subscribe to socialistic policies that would benefit me! 1
The best and the brightest Alabama has to offer. 1
That sexist lady. 1
Says who? 1
Shocking 1
But... But... he's an outsider.... 1
"Don't you mean the ""death tax""?" 1
Hey post the clip that had the curtains behind Obama's head looking like devil horns and thus obviously showing Obama is nothing more than Lucifer incarnate. 1
Yea...that'll help the US become a bigger global economy 1
It'll trickle down. 1
They were clearly agitating those peace officers. 1
Yes... Clinton is the one who has damaged the democratic process and it's once respectable sheen.... 1
Pay for it with death of course! 1
I sure am happy we have a choice to pay into it or not. 1
clearly they just respect Bernie too much to attack him 1
Yeah that's exactly what he said 1
I blame the liberal media! 1
I can see why the religious right really like him. 1
I think you forgot your 1
Obviously Obama is just not as smart as trump. 1
You murderer! 1
LITERALLY SHAKING I AM SO SCARED RIGHT NOW 1
Obama and Hilary are destroying this country! 1
You didn't know that the KKK was a Republican organization and that Lincoln was really a Democrat? 1
Who hasn't made fun of someone's birth defect on national television? 1
"| ""One result is that tens of thousands of needy Virginians are condemned to live without health insurance ..."" so Obamacare doesn't fix this problem?" 1
What is Nate some magic wizard or something? 1
You dropped this 1
let them police themselves and go easier on them.... that ought to work... 1
What's the difference? 1
Can someone explain the giant pro-Sanders bias here? 1
Stop being so PC. 1
If they are truly guilty then streamline the process and kill them already jeez. 1
Might as well get rid of free speech while we're at it. 1
But we gotta fight em over there so we don't fight em over here! 1
What if you have to cross the parking lot to get to the library? 1
Women are suppose to be demure and speak only when spoken to! 1
Let them eat Play-Doh! 1
Clearly theft 1
I blame the dirty fucking hippies! 1
You and you stupid facts I want to blame the black guy 1
Are you saying that isn't true? 1
Wow I bet this article is completely factual and contains no personal opinion at all! 1
You forgot to put 1
They were arrested for resisting arrest and had the drug charges tacked on. 1
Its not like some of their biggest members and founders are on tape comparing BLM with ISIS and sympathizing with ISIS....yea not a racist hate group disguised as a good cause at all 1
Ah yes I forgot how much the right loves Clinton. 1
Four years is a short time in the life of the freedom tree. 1
Don't deny the Queen her rightful throne! 1
But that makes him smart. 1
Because that's what Da Vinci is most widely-known for. 1
Bet he wishes he has the microphone from the first debate while he was on the bus 1
yes i was being 1
Or some bitch who already kidnapped 3 kids is getting a 4th for free 1
And nobody likes (accused) criminals so we might as well save the trouble altogether. 1
Because if you're going to die for your country you damn well better die the same gender you were born as 1
Something Investopedia is k own for. 1
its almost like the left does the SAME EXACT THING with abortion 1
Yeah... that's why the crazy lady lost her election. 1
Yeah because there was nothing wrong with what Hitler did before the mass executions began 1
Bernie the war monger thats what I always say. 1
Gone wild bush? 1
I guess he is just a real sensitive fellow. 1
The terrorist have already won :( 1
And the only way to do that is to ban an entire religion of people from coming to our supposedly free country solely on the grounds of their religion! 1
I bet he called Putin and asked him to hack the credit card data of his customers. 1
You forgot your 1
Lord knows Obama would never want Reagan to be upset 1
"You spelled ""literally Hitler"" wrong" 1
But people can't possibly disagree with me without being a shill or manipulated by shills! 1
Well yeah but now that this one can be an anti-Hillary article it's different. 1
They're people too right? 1
I'm sure their bodies have a way to just shut that whole thing down. 1
No Cruz and kasich are definitely more relevant. 1
Sure looked like it on tv. 1
And what a fantastic two years they've been. 1
But they're the job creators! 1
But I thought he was going to sweep California? 1
You forgot the 1
I enjoy watching the swamp get drained. 1
They're gonna have to figure out how to get over that wall first of course. 1
Who knew that making an industry legal would create more jobs.... .Hmmm sure surprised me 1
Haven't we already all agreed that this is Bush's fault? 1
I think they dropped this 1
"Maybe they all make ""furtive gestures""" 1
Perhaps if he read the book he'd realize that he's now going to burn forever in a lake of fire for modifying the scripture. 1
...which makes the attempted rape totally ok! 1
Oh well that's settled then. 1
He'll release his tax records as soon as Obama releases his birth certificate 1
Yes but we all know that college students are all incompetent morons who never behave maturely. 1
Communist. 1
What a disaster: This can only mean food stamp program is working! 1
Gee it's good our system has the structure to make this an issue. 1
That's just more establishment math. 1
Anything's better than Palin! 1
Just doesn't happen and anyone who thinks that might be the case is just stupid and naive 1
Obviously all the bigots are actually democratic plants trying to make the teabaggers look bad. 1
Yeah I don't like reading news I don't agree with either... 1
That's relevant. 1
A mother always knows 1
The calendar is favorable to sanders though 1
And Maddow is such an excellent source for opinion. 1
Seems legit. 1
Man what a wonderful reason to vote for your party 1
Man that pisses me off...I'm a Diabetic and hes never tried selling me snake oil! 1
You must be in terrible health to get rates like that.... 1
Oh that's just nitpicking 1
rap music and department of education are the causes of decreasing christians in the u.s. 1
anything i don't understand isn't art 1
The classics you mean that double digit lead over Hillary among independents? 1
That's what Jesus would do. 1
That certainly won't radicalize people 1
And the $6million of Soros Shills will do it again if you keep posting like this... 1
Why do you guys assume that he's a Republican? 1
He was lied to. 1
Not sure if 1
Dylan Roof totally didn't kill a bunch of black people while they were in church. 1
Fucking Kanye 1
**SOCIALIST** 1
It must be be Hillary's fault 1
Diplomatic prowess right there 1
Well the mods specifically said we couldn't talk about why... which totally isn't weird at all. 1
I'm waiting for the GOP to offer money to people not to vote 1
Wow you know so much about alien culture and motives. 1
Because the S&amp;P never goes down 1
I'm shocked a fascist would call out a Marxist. 1
Even if they pass the grandparent rule? 1
Wow you completely changed my mind! 1
I am Russian and that's what you get for fucking up USSR during the cold war. 1
God's will 1
It's so clever 1
Yup I have mine so fuck everyone else 1
You dropped your 1
Such good governing! 1
Protected and Served. 1
Yes it's so terrible to recognize that you have privileges that others don't it's almost like the Holocaust 1
If only there was a politician on their board with the vision to fix it. 1
I dunno... I have a good feeling history will *finally* realize how awesome Benjamin Harrison was. 1
I heard they bit the heads off a dozen bald eagles and impaled the heads on burning flags 1
Ah yes: the free market will sort it out! 1
Yea cause its the jew books 1
Can we give him trial by fire? 1
How dare you say there's no proof 1
I bet fox news's own Jesse Watters will be all over this story demanding answers as to why free speech is being infringed upon on college campuses. 1
you forgot the 1
Now that's a shower I'd like to watch 1
This is gonna end well. 1
Suddenly you realize people are crazy. 1
you forgot the 1
I'm sure that's really comforting. 1
Salma Hayek is saying all these for her 10 minutes of fame! 1
Especially the blacks. 1
Who cares about people's right to self-determination as long as they are voting for me? 1
Let's elect Hillary because she respects the democratic process so much. 1
I guess I should have added 1
here you missed this: 1
Clearly the real conspiracy is in the connection between a pizza parlour and child sex trafficking. 1
People do love their dogs 1
We don't accept your Commie units of measurement here! 1
let God's will be done. 1
It destroyed America! 1
I'm sure they will unionize right away 1
The right to speak muh mind w/out anyone calling me the racist word 1
But..but..we already let them have a sick day! 1
"Stupid sheeple trusting their ""facts"" and reading ""sources""" 1
Yeah she's such an underdog! 1
You omitted the 1
Lol you forgot the 1
That is the type of president the US needs a caring and loving abuela. 1
And I bet he voted Democrat in every election. 1
It's natural. 1
That's her culture though 1
Because we paid him before he did! 1
But any vote not for Clinton is a vote for Trump! 1
Of course they are better!....the Bible says so! 1
don't want them little women worrying their pretty little heads about the men's business and all. 1
I'm assuming you forgot a 1
Repent you cis het white male scum! 1
It's almost like all of the branches of government have colluded over time using tiny little legal precedent after precedent to make the idea of a limited government with clearly defined powers a farce 1
He'll restrict research funding to religious organizations. 1
Obama will just pardon them 1
You would have to be some type of super psychic too see another book coming from Paul! 1
Obviously they should also be deported 1
"""But isn't it a good thing if the US and Russia were more friendly?""" 1
how shocking 1
You wouldnt say that if you were in my tax bracket! 1
I'm sure the military would *never* fix the outcome of a competition! 1
"I personally think the term ""natural born citizen"" is discriminatory to citizens born via C-section." 1
Utopia or it's all just excuses! 1
Wait it's not about Southern Heritage and Northern agression? 1
But surely banning guns with laws will also stop them from breaking the already well established laws against murder! 1
Ya bc the anchors of yesterday never let anything like the misinformation that led to the Iraq war happen then. 1
yeah it doesnt benefit anyone at all ever. 1
And reddit liberals actually provide substance... 1
They could disrupt the stability that the US and her allies have brought to the region. 1
he missed his 1
because both parties are the same 1
He can relate to their polygamist sensibilities 1
It's just locker room talk. 1
this thread is definitely representative 1
With no cost or repercussions to any other actor in the economy. 1
Nothing like a good lynch mob 1
"""Your poll does not suit my world view so I will dismiss it.""" 1
And he promised all true Americans liebensraum....literally giving all of them a living room from the Cindy Crawford collection (ikea is for communists!) 1
Yeah we solved all of the problems of racism and screwing over minorities! 1
But...But they aren't *REAL* Republicans! 1
I'm sure she was there personally rejecting the reasonably priced alternatives. 1
Let's see if we can get Davis back and maybe straighten out all of Scwartzenegger caused problems. 1
They are telling you only about one of them though... But you guys aren't being manipulated. 1
Well all you need to know is they are going to make america great again duh 1
Yeah cuz elections have shown he actually has people that support him 1
This article has taught me that the only safe and responsible people with guns are police officers. 1
Wow that's pretty on point maybe that guy should run for president. 1
Thank goodness our news organizations have kept the misinformation and lies alive. 1
That was sarcasm I guess I should have used 1
Cause he's smart 1
Sorry forgot this 1
But my guy is one of the good ones! 1
Terrifying 1
Great comeback 1
Hey as long as I can watch Dancing with the Stars I could care less. 1
Clearly easy access to guns made Orange County safer today. 1
By golly if StumpRemover says Islam is uncompatible with the west then it must be true! 1
And the satan worship. 1
HURF DURF IF U FORSE PEOPLE TO GET INNSURANCE THEY BY IT LOLZ IM A REPUBLICAN LOL IMPECH OBEMA 1
You're right it's a completely insignificant position with little to no effect so why should we care if someone stole it. 1
Hopefully the cop will at least get a paid vacation out of this. 1
"The ""liberal media"" hard at work spewing their leftist propaganda." 1
Corporations are people though 1
The real criminals are the liberals! 1
That's a well thought out position you have there. 1
Stop being so pc 1
Yeah I feel really sorry for him. 1
Forgot the 1
start another war! 1
The doctor is just a conspiracy theorist 1
They're just beating some tolerance into those violent Trump supporters 1
Everyone knows the wall street journal is a liberal rag. 1
Absolutely nothing to see here. 1
If he was armed with high powered guns or explosives he would still be alive 1
All men are created equal. 1
Oh totally 1
You check Breitbart and the_D for your daily news 1
Tennessee is just WAAY too close to ground zero IT IS SACRED GROUND 1
I bet if he says pretty please then he will have a good chance 1
I'm trying to be a sheep these damn facts just keep getting in the way 1
You mean those *idol-worshippers*? 1
There weren't any Republicans pushing to rename it they were RINOs. 1
Can't poor people go without so the rich can finally be happy 1
Fun. 1
Because everyone loves black people. 1
Now you get it 1
Well if that isn't prood that obama is a secret muslim terrorist communisti don't know what is 1
OBVIOUSLY RIGGED 1
All countries matter 1
But then the majority would be voting. 1
TIL house prices should only go up. 1
How dare the government tell me where I can and can't drive! 1
*person with opposing viewpoint must be getting paid* Flawless logic 1
I'm sure this will turn out to be real 1
Seems legit. 1
"You're so cool with that ""Drumpf"" mention I wish I was you" 1
How dare you work towards meeting societal expectations! 1
That attitude is why Trump won. 1
But then why did Jesus tell his followers to make an autonomous city-state out of marble and gold and use it to systematically protect child molesters? 1
Right around the time select Americans starting fleeing the hellhole dystopia of American for the freedom and transparency of mother Russia 1
You forgot a 1
You forgot 1
Sins of the father. 1
You don't know about the longrunning conflict between the Zetas and the Saudi royal family? 1
Must be since Trump started mentioning them 1
Thank God it doesn't mean that in America! 1
Forgot the 1
Because Alex Jones and Glen Back are sooooo much more reliable 1
No she's being tough on crime! 1
Hey if you can't deal with twice the tax burden you obviously don't deserve to be in business 1
Because that's never happened before. 1
I bet you have been great with outreach during the campaign. 1
I've read that he was very ineffectual as a senator. 1
That is even more reason to be irrationally fearful of Al-Queda it is the calm before the Jihad 1
It's probably just some other Bernard and Jane Sanders. 1
Well that's certainly a compelling counterargument. 1
"""That's just a database for when they take our gunzzzzzzzzzz""" 1
allen west is the expert on race issues who will definitely help make things better! 1
But feels are more important than facts. 1
She had the emails at the wrong place and didn't need a press conference in one trillion years. 1
Nothing fishy about this at all. 1
Because hillary is pure evil and the source of all that is wrong in this country (and the world) 1
Such a tyrant. 1
You can't prove there's a signature under that box! 1
Naw...they would **never** do that... 1
Just another outlier. 1
But then how will Americans know if God told the candidates personally whether or not they should be the most powerful man in the world? 1
You sound like a big gov't socialist :-) 1
You forgot the 1
I mean its giving people free stuff that someone else is paying for 1
Yes because Gary Johnson and Jill Stein have really proved themselves as competent candidates 1
What nut jobs! 1
I think you missed the unspoken 1
I guess libertarians will vote for obama because of this article. 1
you forgot the 1
Because a college education guarantees a job. 1
This is clearly more subterfuge by the Sanders campaign. 1
I think he forgot the 1
The long con 1
Like there's a shortage of negative articles about her 1
and this is the exact reason why we should have a smaller federal government and larger state governments 1
The victims are non-christian so its ok 1
I'm sorry but that type of comment just doesn't belong on reddit. 1
Bunch of sluts and prostitutes over there 1
But democrats are communists 1
"I was just arguing against this the other day... I can't believe how many people there are out there who actually want Thought &amp; ""Truth"" Police... because that could never end bad..." 1
You must hate America you commie 1
State's rights have worked so well for minorities in the past. 1
Except for clinton who obviously got rich by eating babies 1
He cannot be bought 1
Both parties are the same 1
OMG what a surprise! 1
But that's the only people he could find in Washington! 1
Time to build a bigger wall then. 1
Yea the mainstream media just loves to tear Obama apart... 1
but I thought he was entitled to a lot of votes cause Clinton? 1
*Should 1
"""I liked it better when we had secret gay relations.""" 1
It's because our population density is so low. 1
To quote myself: This is functionally equivalent to sucker punching a guy who's actively leaving an event in the face. 1
And in other news: Trump is a racist 1
...... 1
Companies can regulate themselves! 1
It's not like science has ever done anything good for this country. 1
Those are some really compelling arguments you laid out there. 1
God damn these women and their sex-having! 1
He's secretly a Lutheran! 1
How could anyone accuse Rick Scott of playing GOP politics as usual? 1
obviously Dianne Feinstein is an Anti-Semite and a racist 1
But...but...democrats and republicans are just different sides of the same coin! 1
hey careful with that anti-semitism 1
lmao 1
As opposed to the rich and vibrant market of todays economy. 1
Yeah but don't forget Trump is planning to take California and New York so that evens up the numbers. 1
Yeah people working their entire life an earning a retirement payout that is literally their money is totally going to be the end of our civilized society 1
Whichever Donald Trump position/plan you like is sure to be the one he implements! 1
He came from a violent gun culture. 1
Just shit about wedding planning and yoga. 1
Those low-wage workers should just be happy that someone is willing to give them a job since they aren't good enough to be doing anything else. 1
Because a redistribution of wealth has worked great in America. 1
Maybe google was paid at the time to show Edward Snowden as criminal in the eyes of Americans? 1
You forgot the 1
Turkey needs to stop letting so many Muslims live there. 1
Clearly the voice of a hillary supporter. 1
And Trumps gonna win Cali in the GE 1
Rigged 1
Don't you know that regulation is bad for the economy? 1
I'm sure as a cis white male he is used to hardships 1
They call themselves the crusaders.. what could possibly be religious about that 1
Isn't the end just another beginning? 1
Quality journalism. 1
How can a union that small contribute that much money? 1
They could be a libertarian. 1
What oil spill? 1
Good thing we didn't elect the candidate who wanted to address that problem then! 1
Maybe that's why the establishment loves him so much. 1
Maybe we can get Senator Scott Brown to co-sponsor the bill? 1
Because in these last six years no one blamed the economy on the President more than three times per day. 1
It's a good thing independents are a small group and you totally don't need them to win elections. 1
North Koreans could learn a thing or two! 1
Please tell me you forgot your 1
you forgot the 1
Source? 1
There is but shockingly the only officer on scene that didn't have one was the one who did the shooting. 1
Only a commie would say that! 1
Lol 1
But but but...scary brown people! 1
like with bars? 1
He's still black! 1
Didn't see that coming.... 1
The speechwriter is actually a SHILLARY supporter duh 1
Hillary will offer Sanders the Cuban ambassadorship and all you fuckers will fall in line. 1
"But I saw it in ""The Hurt Locker""!" 1
He's doing that by considering Sarah Palin as Secretary of Veteran Affairs 1
I heard this guy is French! 1
Concern trolling probably 1
Yeah but on the bright side no more immigration MUKGA! 1
"""It's all his violent rhetoric....""" 1
Obviously it was Republican rhetoric. 1
Because the only way you can stand behind a position so shocking as calling Honey Boo Boo garbage is to have educational shows streaming into your house at all times. 1
She should've called the police. 1
They may not vote for her but she will help them just the same 1
I can't imagine why. 1
I think he's sexist 1
Something happened in Colorado? 1
Ah more American 'journalism'. 1
All those privileged latinos in East LA College that kicked hillary off campus. 1
Still wouldn't know more than Trump does about ISIS. 1
I can't wait to bring this to my african american in-laws attention. 1
That kind of attitude is the reason that got Trump elected. 1
TIL; billionaires are exploiting regular people. 1
But what if waste all this time and money making the earth a better place for no reason? 1
well obviously you should've been thinking about the massive April primary back in October 1
Must be why so many millionaire mega donors are supporting him and not Hillary 1
And educated thousands of students at his University! 1
Nice source. 1
Yeah that'll pass. 1
I'm sure reddit will upvote this post as far as the other one 1
Because those other countries are socialists. 1
Oh you mean MLK the sex crazed thug? 1
I assume *that* report would be followed by Part 3: How Police Officers Can Revoke Your Constitutional Rights If They Believe You Have Committed A Misdemeanor 1
"No but I have watched the vote be ""brought under control each election the manipulation is more refined and the news people back it all up with special stories explaining how people are just too damn dumb to be allowed to vote and don't even vote once they have been stripped from the registration lists." 1
"No doubt the only polling places that will be closed will be in Sander's strongholds and no doubt the few polling places Sanders voters will go to will be blockaded by Bill ""The Wall"" Clinton." 1
Are these the same polls that had HRC winning with a landslide victory? 1
But Hillary and Bernie are essentially the same! 1
The GREEN DEATH 1
So long as no one suggests cutting gravy to Raytheon or Northrop Grumman! 1
4-D Chess 1
No Hillary kills people. 1
Independents are extremists that show little desire to support a corrupt government. 1
People think oxycontin is safe because if it's allowed and regulated by the government of course it must be safe 1
Don't bother with a citation 1
You sound like a basement dwelling misogynist. 1
Bootstraps 101 1
Yeah because that whole killing our great grandchildren thing is a total hoax. 1
And rich people never ever vote to take resources away from poor people. 1
Just as long as it works for me and only me 1
How can you be against it if it's all secret 1
I guess no one saw hat one coming. 1
But Trump only surrounds himself with winners 1
How mature... I'm definitely comfortable with this guy having a say in how the country is ran. 1
Such a reputable source 1
If you can't afford to have one parent stay at home to keep the household and watch the kids then maybe you just need to pull yourself up by your bootstraps a bit harder 1
But he always gets the BEST people. 1
That's just a liberal conspiracy. 1
He's the scrappy Every-man who just pulled himself up by the boot-straps and worked hard enough to become President. 1
You forgot cabbage and police officers. 1
We don't need no fucking Arab socialist preaching anything. 1
Fucking communists 1
Obama is black. 1
It's just a convention bump you stupid shills 1
Was that a sarcastic thanks? 1
OMG The UN Mark of the Beast1 1
But that is all of them! 1
Because those damn pinkos want to take our freedom! 1
Umm... 1
Good old unbiased journalism. 1
Only because the Jews own the banks duh .... 1
And they call Snowden a traitor 1
That sounds like some communist bullshit right there. 1
You forgot the 1
It's just a shame that we'll never know why he did it or what his motivation was. 1
so much data and fact and so little hypothesis its amazing! 1
... and no one has *ever* managed to get out of one of those! 1
That must be why all those Iraq and Afghanistan war whistleblowers are so well regarded by the establishment. 1
No but if you make it that you will literally be the womanizing badass God 1
He's ready to have a conversation! 1
But I thought Trump was the most pro-LGBT candidate? 1
Surely this will stump the Trump. 1
I'm sure that's quite by accident. 1
I'm sure individuals who donated upwards of a million dollars really want money out of politics. 1
You're right - it's completely untrue that Trump has the most racist supporters. 1
TIL Hillary reached 2383 delegates. 1
let them eat cake crumbs ... and thanks Obama 1
But but chem trails 1
Someone's gay marriage obviously caused this. 1
Guess you're not a true liberal then. 1
Check your privilege! 1
Fuck facts. 1
The media will learn to not question the great leader. 1
Because clearly that's an out of date ideal that has no place in a free society 1
Maybe if we upvote this every 4 days something will happen. 1
You forgot the 1
Nope everybody on reddit is a circlejerking Sanders supporter because all redditors are part of a single hivemind with no individuality. 1
Security review* 1
THERE IS ONLY ONE TRUE VERSION! 1
Cause the person on TV tells me otherwise 1
Mexico 1
They're just the establishment! 1
I'm being sarcastic. 1
Gee... no one saw this coming. 1
He is so gracious to not try to jail his political opponents! 1
But thats socialism! 1
Ignoring the points the guy makes to deliver your one liners is really persuasive and demonstrates that you are right 1
It's not Sharia if it's for Jesus! 1
Damn *SJW*s are going to take this thread and run with it to slander Paul! 1
B-b-but the attacks from the right and left are *exactly the same* 1
Thanks Obama. 1
OMG CATSFIVE IS A SECRET MUSLIM MARXIST COMMUNIST TERRIST BLACK PERSON ON WELFARE RAAAGH! 1
But more tight immigration policies are racist bro! 1
it's their own fault for being too poor or lazy to go get the ID. 1
You forgot the 1
If I can't get my way no one can! 1
that's why there's so many kids in the system hopping from house to house! 1
"""It's Obama's fault for raising my pay in the first place"" Gotta find a way to blame it on Obama" 1
But all brown people are illegal aliens! 1
I cannot believe Clinton is allowing charitable donations at her charity. 1
Leave it to Trump supporters to give us an objective criticism on a Democratic debate. 1
But then that's giving them free money! 1
Let the gentrification continue! 1
It was really just Michael Jordan behind it all. 1
They worked hard for that money even if they're unemployed and living in a trailer park. 1
You've got mail. 1
yeah and NAFTA was such a economic sucess. 1
I need some medical cocaine! 1
But that's SOCIALISM! 1
Maybe 'the media' is just not reporting the proof of innocence 1
That's racist. 1
Don't forget Benghazi.... 1
Hillary does not lie with every breath - she also coughs at times! 1
Hmm not enough straight talk for me. 1
Holy shit that would be hard to believe! 1
That's on the US taxpayer tab so no big deal. 1
Those poor people certainly don't need free phones when they have a home to live in. 1
Can we also bus whites to go pick cotton or is this a blacks-only career? 1
Poor drug companies are barely staying afloat! 1
Clearly interference from the perpetrators of the hoax to discredit the organisation..... 1
It's all those public speaking courses she can attend with Goldman Sachs money 1
Great observation! 1
Facts have a known liberal bias! 1
Just because they behead people doesn't make them a bad person. 1
Perhaps they could wear some sort of scarf? 1
We wouldn't get because we poor. 1
It's also very clear that Romney loved the 47%. 1
doesn't add up 1
That's probably why we take such great care of our veterans amd homeless. 1
You forgot this. 1
and i'm sure it was fair and square 1
It's good news as long as Obama and his drones had nothing to do with it 1
He controlled him directly through a Being John Malkolvich type portal he found in the White House basement 1
yeah salon is so much better 1
But Donald said Bill says worse 1
Maybe God is just telling you that you have to be celibate for the rest of your life. 1
Equality is being able to call a man fat but not a woman 1
Saying that we should believe a pathological liar over our intelligence community makes perfect sense. 1
yea because big business has done such a good job taking care of us. 1
Says the fermented scum. 1
Trump for SCOTUS! 1
"""Anti-virus software was turned off after Clinton and aide Huma Adebin experienced problems sending emails"" Obviously the first thing you try in the troubleshooting process." 1
I guess that's why the US and Russia have gone to war against each other so many times in the last 100 years. 1
Might as well stay home and not vote then am i right 1
Shh.. polls only matter when Trump's winning them 1
You forgot your 1
Thanks Ayn Rand! 1
Before I saw this I thought she was a highly educated genius 1
I think the problem is the man is black and Pence doesn't want to give handouts.... 1
"Yeah because ""conservatives"" would never do that!" 1
The free market regulates all that! 1
Yeah racism is well-known to be reduced as people get older... 1
Are you saying the peanut farmer has only read an hour on this subject? 1
cause there's no violence at trump rallies. 1
The best way to increase security is to decrease funding. 1
But we have all seen the weird images of Clinton being propped up and helped up stairs; her rests from campaigning; no presser...Not suspicious at all. 1
Why vote when you have the power of prayer? 1
You can do anything you put your mind to buddy. 1
But she said she would and she's so honest. 1
I find that so hard to believe. 1
Because Trump is based on policy... 1
but weed is a gateway drug.... 1
I'm glad DC and LA politicians have such well-run cities that they can meddle in the affairs of other states. 1
A lot of people are talking about it. 1
Do we really need the Maldives? 1
It's okay to leak classified information if it damages your political opponents. 1
Shoveling shit makes your soul impure so you are probably reincarnated as a guinea eye worm. 1
Well my dad can beat up your dad! 1
*Security Reviews. 1
Oh so *that's* why he's starting a new war! 1
Hahaha all those people that weren't making a lot to begin with and now don't have a job at all... hilarious 1
"You mean the ""corporate media"" didn't hide their existence from you?" 1
There's a special place in hell for Green Peace activists. 1
And the Russian hackers that rigged the digital machines. 1
Yeah but they are more efficient so who cares? 1
Liberal conspiracy to bus people to the polls 1
His swamps get the best ratings. 1
Someone forgot the 1
THAT would be a first. 1
You sound like someone who is extremely well educated and interested in the details of the debate. 1
I'm voting for lunch lady Doris as well... 1
It wasn't intended as a factual statement 1
Trump voters are known for their high level of *Enquirer*-y. 1
This is the most important issue facing the people of OK today! 1
I think you forgot the 1
Don't forget that any woman who has menstruated more than once is a serial killer! 1
That's why nothing is getting done! 1
but I thought that our system was predicated on the idea that each Koch brother deserves 50 millions votes a piece! 1
You forgot the sarcasm 1
FROM TALKING POINTS MEMO DOT COM Nice credible source 1
If only everyone carried knives...we would all be safer. 1
That's a good way to help them get jobs so they can pay their loans back. 1
Not like there's not Sanders Democrats running for office or anything. 1
Oh no look at the police state of America with their lack of freedom -_- 1
But all the wmds we found! 1
Clearly this proves that Hillary Clinton is corrupt. 1
It's really unfair. 1
But did he *intend* to? 1
Babies for TRUMP 1
He forgot the 1
He should fire all the Republicans cause the Dems want so 1
Yeah California has been Sooo fucked ever since they got that Democrat in there 1
It's just because the south has such a long history of freedom and self reliance... 1
Because people will die unless the government gets involved 1
But.... but what about Detroit? 1
The Russians wouldn't let Hillary campaign in those states. 1
but...but jobs are seasonal in July! 1
You tell'm! 1
Let me know if you turn out to be your high school class clown. 1
Probaby just a false flag operation to make DJ Trump supporters look like monsters! 1
I hope you meant to add a 1
She wasn't the first one to do it! 1
How dare you ruin this awful example 1
Clearly this insanely rich woman who is regularly on television is only saying this for money or attention. 1
They've been so honest all election so I don't know why you're suddenly skeptical. 1
Everyone knows the only thing more frightening than black people is armed black people. 1
"""Yeah because it was classified hurrrr""" 1
Washington outsider Chelsea Clinton! 1
But planning for climate change isn't free and therefore we must act on short-term gain! 1
if you tax rich people they wont create jobs... DUH.... 1
... and bottom positions? 1
Well if that ain't a ringing endorsement I don't know what is. 1
Sure...and dick Cheney didn't mean to shoot his friend in the face 1
But but... Competition drives down costs! 1
Putin personally gave her the unprotected server and set it up in a closet for her. 1
Just like Marco Rubio will play well in Arizona. 1
Global Democratic Propaganda 1
Yeah just look at all the pro hillary posts that make it to the front page 1
People in China are loosing jobs because of Obama care. 1
That's a great way to throw their suspicion that you're a paid CtR employee 1
Gosh why didn't they come out sooner 1
There you go again with the antisemitism again... 1
But that would make the government have too much control over us! 1
So the average American still couldn't pass it. 1
The embargo hasn't worked for 50 years...let's try 50 more! 1
Wow how generous and heartfelt of her... Good thing she has all those gigantic Goldman Sachs speaking fees or she and bill would go hungry! 1
He's a great businessman. 1
*Peace in our time* -- Orchestrated by Donald J. Trump -- Winner of the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize. 1
Not sure if you're actually stupid or 1
You forgot the 1
wait you didn't get issued your KKK robe on your 16th birthday? 1
But they got to put HRC up! 1
I'm sure he came to that figure after a thoughtful examination of all existing federal regulations. 1
He's just asking questions. 1
But... But... But...Clinton News Network... 1
Good luck you dirty immigrant! 1
Because better we all be poorer than allow the rich to be richer! 1
I think you dropped this... 1
I forgot the 1
Just another example of how big government liberals are pushing private business out of the market. 1
Clearly an unbiased opinion... 1
But we're telling the truth this time! 1
I never cease to be amazed at the number of lawyers in this sub 1
All these statistics and graphs of data don't prove anything! 1
Naw man the real way to succeed is to spend all of your time at general assembly trying to build consensus. 1
\#ThanksHillary 1
Heavy handed... the US... *never*... 1
What is misinformation about calling it a ban when they get less tax subsidies 1
You forgot the 1
"""I wouldn't go to a bar wearing a short skirt and not expect to get harassed""" 1
Thanks for Correcting that Record. 1
But it's just meta data! 1
We learn that a fancy edumacation make you a muslim commie 1
Univision is biased towards latinos. 1
Why not yellow? 1
At least he's not an activist judge... 1
Then why are all the Californians moving to Austin? 1
At least you're not paranoid 1
That's mighty Christian of you there little fella... keep up the good work. 1
Oh you're such an Obama hater! 1
Clearly this is part of Obama's socialist agenda 1
Forgot 1
Only if he gave his two weeks proper notice 1
Don't forget all the loudmouth atheists always turning up worshipping on their knees before a secret cross in their closet. 1
Your comment shows that you still don't get it. 1
And we should make it as hard for people to succeed as possible..... 1
Appointing more Buffalo Wild Wings managers? 1
If it wasn't for all that darn regulation the spill never would have happened! 1
Yeah because distributing poll workers evenly by sqft makes the most sense 1
Ya... Saudis are nice like that 1
Video or it didn't happen. 1
Moochelle is at it again! 1
That's so crazy it just might work! 1
Freedom isn't freedom unless you can grope whomever you want whenever you want. 1
We should go back to the god old days of poll taxes and 'literacy' tests for negroes. 1
I'm sure that's how all the lobbyist superdelegates made their decision 1
Bernis is going to have you eating GovernmentO's for breakfast and working in the state run wheat fields 48 hours a day. 1
But corporate tax is the highest of any other country 1
I'm so glad this doucebag is so much better than the last doucebag. 1
You forgot the 1
Agreed... especially after the party treated him so well.. 1
3D printers? 1
The swap is being drained as we speak. 1
There you go using logic and facts again 1
At this point what does it matter? 1
Al Capone died like seven years before Kevin Costner was even born. 1
Its only got white people in it of course bernie won 1
damn jews 1
Like your internet history? 1
you forgot the 1
Cruz and Trump have nothing to hide. 1
right...I'll just call you a stupid igger and leave it there. 1
Clean burning oil and coal 1
And your job is currently being insourced via H1B visas so well played... 1
Damn commie! 1
I'm sure her charity will fund the assaults 1
because being allowed to buy alcohol or drive is exactly the same as being allowed to vote... 1
This has democratic party written all over it. 1
We want Iran to pledge allegiance to the Jewish state of Israel as a part of this deal. 1
He COULD pull an FDR you know. 1
Totally the same as MSNBC! 1
But with my logic they will have to see I am right 1
A small price for our freedom. 1
Cuz that will calm things down. 1
You're being ridiculous! 1
Yeah with an approval rating of over 50% he's really doing poor 1
Yeah such clear pro-Hillary bias in this article 1
I think you forgot the 1
CSPAN is an old handycam held to the wall in the house chamber with duct tape 1
Yeah but I want a my candidate and if I can't have him the country should just suffer~! 1
"Funny I thought that the ""short guys in yarmulkes"" would love him." 1
I'll be wearing my ceremonial tarp in solidarity. 1
Are you overlooking that sweet transition music? 1
She's a disgusting human being 1
But isn't Obamacare great? 1
Yea but I thought Red States had such high moral and ethical standards. 1
Those darn uninformed black voters at it again 1
It's because they're Mexicans. 1
because people with money and connections never get out of trouble 1
Because we all know that the main purpose of taxes is to prevent people from becoming too wealthy. 1
Even if I used private care my taxes would cover the expenses for public healthcare and those people didn't work hard like I did 1
I'm so glad these are the people we trust with the running of our elections. 1
Voter fraud obviously. 1
This is a non-issue 1
When they first start crawling is always the best time to get them to heel. 1
Thanks for the click bait 1
You forgot 1
Should've added an 1
Clearly if you lived within your means and majored in something useful you wouldn't be unemployed. 1
Right. 1
That must be why we never hear about Trump in the news 1
But Trump would never lie! 1
Some hard hitting journalism right here 1
but I thought all slavery was the same? 1
Yeah... but reality has a liberal bias so it MUST be lying. 1
Found the Oregon 4 1
So this thread has +300 comments and only 33 upvotes... Seems legit 1
The poor oppressed white man just can't catch a break. 1
JUST MORE PAWNS IN LIBERAL SCHEME TO STEAL THE ELECTION. 1
I know people always forget this if Bernie Sanders is the nominee minorities will all of a sudden vote republican 1
It's okay though she has a rocky past so we can attack her guilt free! 1
That makes it so much better. 1
The article concerns the 51st-62nd states of the U.S. 1
You forgot your 1
Isn't it part of Russia. 1
"But you do know that ""Obama is an illegal Muslim immigrant""?" 1
Can't say they're not exciting 1
God works in mysterious ways. 1
I'm sure you heard that from a reputable source and not some site selling gold and doomsday prep. 1
Chris was out there working hard setting up cones to ensure the accuracy of the study. 1
if you look to your left you will see Illinois... it has had a minimum wage of federal min &lt;$1+ for many years... they are in a great position 1
Oh yeah... the Russian's did it 1
Must be all them gun laws working. 1
Sssh only local income inequality is important 1
Cause there's a liberal bias in the media 1
"""I've been informed that DC is actually on marshland and not swampland so we will no longer be draining the swamp""" 1
lol 1
Well thought out counterclaim that supports your argument you've got there! 1
Yep I was fudging my numbers to add that imaginary 1000 extra hours per year one works while sleeping. 1
Well their God-Emperor isn't a black Muslim who wasn't even born here so it's different! 1
Yeah he seems super mad. 1
But I thought it didn't matter... She already won! 1
I keep on forgetting that the Super Delegates vote on Jue 7th... 1
Because there are no third parties and we're all a bunch of lazy fucks 1
Yeah... nothing wrong president's private security violating constitutional rights of citizens... 1
money well spent 1
Now that group has less money to use to kill Americans - he was just being smart! 1
No it's gotta be a conspiracy 1
I can't wait for the sequel to the RFRA. 1
Yeah that Mike Pence guy seems pretty pro gay rights 1
You dropped this: 1
Clearly she wasn't taling care of her husband's needs 1
They're clearly just lulling you into a false sense of security! 1
Because Colorado is such a war zone 1
I don't see what's so exciting about Bernie starting to overcome one of his biggest hurdles...... 1
Only because he wasnt born here. 1
Biased liberal Fox media 1
I'm pretty sure it's a joke or 1
Pillows we need to talk about pillows and we need more wackadoodle doctors doing a diagnosis from afar. 1
And if Trump had gotten more votes and lost I'm sure everyone here would be saying Trump really won. 1
Seems like obamacare figured out all the problems ahead of time. 1
I am sure this video you seek would show that he got what he deserved. 1
Don't you mean November 29th. 1
But if Liberal media is as critical of the President as Conservative media has been for the last 8 years they're being biased and unfair! 1
They paid him to put the pillow on his face not take it off 1
Uh-oh: looks like somebody hates freedom. 1
Yea...better go with Obama. 1
Are there no poor houses? 1
You forgot your 1
"""Who report facts for a living""" 1
You forgot the 1
Massive right-wing conspiracy. 1
You meant to say the War of Northern Aggression. 1
But Nancy Grace has read *everything* and says differently. 1
I'm sure the house committee will have comey all over this in a few days 1
I refuse to believe it. 1
Not enough 1
Wow he's really draining that swamp huh? 1
I feel safer already. 1
Plus a pony for every child. 1
I'm totally surprised... 1
Well if it's on American Freedom Fighters it must be true! 1
Rescuing Wall Street was a bad idea! 1
Lemme shorten it for you: black = bad white = good 1
But he gave up his salary! 1
Obviously you get your information from the liberal media. 1
And it is all the fault of conservatives in general and Bush specifically. 1
Just further proof that the elitist gubment regulation is out of hand 1
Seems to be working. 1
Yeah because govt is soooo responsible with our tax money. 1
David Barton is the only true historian! 1
That's not what Breitfart told me! 1
I'm sure we'll all hold her to the same standards that we did Obama! 1
You just need to take more personal responsibility. 1
Clearly trump won because this shows he has the best temperament 1
Obviously they would buy up old accounts 1
"It's not ""real"" America." 1
"Who cares if she had lied about just about everything she ""says"" she cares about." 1
It's what was offered. 1
Yea what Ted Cruz did was really honorable and not selfish or petty. 1
You're *astoundingly* accurate in your assumptions. 1
But AR15s are scary! 1
But Islam isn't a race 1
Worked for Polio! 1
Not if it benefits Hillary then it's ok 1
Because protecting the entire country is less important than buying Democrat votes. 1
emails 1
Well now that you told me about it I will How stupid is our country 1
Well that's because you are obviously a costal liberal elite. 1
you forget your 1
I'm sure adding a source of private handgun ownership to the drug gangs of London equation would reduce violence. 1
Nah dude imma just keep using [citation needed] because it's funnier 1
Do you want to get sent to a FEMA death camp? 1
TIL: Racism has nothing to do with skin color. 1
This will end well 1
How reassuring. 1
Quality post! 1
Great way to promote stability in the middle east 1
You forgot the 1
I mean it's not the real president if the election is rigged 1
The solution would be voter IDs of course! 1
But but Democrats are just as bad as Republicans! 1
You forgot your 1
Worked for Gore during the W Bush debates. 1
Nobody was talking about this prior to legislation. 1
Yes we need officers to kidnap and rape suspects to keep this country secure. 1
Yea we should go to war with Russia 1
"Mike Pence took a brave stand against the establishment PC police who run the big bad ""cigarettes cause cancer"" fear campaign." 1
Give him some time...he has to deal with Bush's mess. 1
Were you not there for Jade Helm? 1
Then you're wrong. 1
"Is it finally time for ""International Take A Christian to See the Lions At the Zoo"" day?" 1
Those just show their economic anxiety. 1
That doesn't sound at all like Donald Trump. 1
Selling out to Hilary is so much better. 1
Probably at the hospital again 1
You just need to give him more of a chance! 1
At least we were the good guys during the cold war. 1
those sheep 1
That bitch! 1
"""I just didn't speak enough Russian"" he later told reporters." 1
Like negative 1 million is bad right? 1
So voting is optional at this point. 1
"What ""don't have sex"" it not enough education for you?" 1
Why don't we just have all money go to the government and let the government decide how much everyone deserves? 1
DEATH TO ANYONE WHO BELIEVES AND THINKS DIFFERENTLY! 1
That's crazy talk. 1
psssshhhh who in this sub actually reads the articles 1
well look at mr hunger games over here 1
See no problem. 1
Well I'm glad every one on reddit is as intelligent as you are. 1
It's tragic that we haven't been able to educate them enough to understand how to vote properly. 1
I'm sure the intention was to unify us in the Brotherhood of Man! 1
That's exactly what a country that invented a climate change hoax would say 1
Where have I seen this before? 1
"You mean you don't enjoy answering ""carpet bomb and kill our enemies"" for every foreign policy question?" 1
The ADA is just a safe space and all these alleged disabled people should just man up. 1
But...weed? 1
You don't believe in the free market? 1
A compelling rebuttal 1
"The ""States' Rights"" candidate." 1
And if kids are flunking out of school we should shame them for that as well. 1
This news is really bring out the best of reddit.... 1
They only do that when a Kenyan usurper holds the presidency. 1
I'm gonna make America great again! 1
He's been such a conventional candidate so far that this is totally shocking 1
wheres the 1
Why are you against Americans having jobs? 1
but we could outlaw fatpeople 1
Her email server is obviously proof that she killed Vince Foster 1
a lot of white male millennials in that video... 1
Condescension in the older generations is only going to lead to death panels quicker 1
Sick pivot Trump 1
I think the leak of Hillary Clinton's emails caused 9/11. 1
But *a vote not for Hillary is a vote for Trump* remember? 1
"""We're going to make America great again by becoming China.""" 1
yes because finding out the rnc hated trump would be a huge secret revealed to the country. 1
You forgot to add the 1
Shhhh you can't say that word! 1
Yeah dont they always 1
**YOU LOST** 1
Those repubes are always looking out for the little guy. 1
That's what Obama did too. 1
That totally just motivated me to vote trumps! 1
Because only whites can be racist and only men can be sexist. 1
Those are different because people should be allowed to donate as much as they want when it's to the right candidate 1
I'm sure that's only to recoup the costs. 1
And senate gets so much done in a year! 1
They don't dislike him *enough* though and as such they are a part of the white male problem that has been sweeping the world. 1
The baby incubators in Texas gonna have to learn their place! 1
And it's been working so well the last 5 years. 1
I think you forgot the 1
She did nothing illegal so its all fine. 1
But they are intolerant of racists! 1
Thanks for correcting the record. 1
nope its all a lie from circle jerking amirite? 1
Obviously the evil banksters. 1
But he won't be able to run for re-election in 2020! 1
But Hillary saying 'fuck you' to an entire generation was so inviting. 1
Maybe they could wear something so others can easily identify them as Muslim... Like a symbol that is commonly associated with this particular religion... 1
Maybe god should come down and chose for us. 1
Because we spent so much time at the debates and on the campaign trail discussing climate. 1
I haven't heard a politician say that before..... 1
No one EVER gets that as a gift. 1
Bernie isn't done yet.... 1
"""But Hillary is controlled by the Saudi's who donate to charities across the world in record numbers so she is worse""" 1
I thought they loved Joni Ernst 1
You just want poor people to suffer you heartless person. 1
Black history month IS almost over.. so... 1
They're just saying what everyone is thinking 1
"Uhh ""you lost get over it hahaha"" ?" 1
Check your privelege shitlord. 1
Is this guy another Hillary plant? 1
There is clearly no other explanation for disagreeing with this users point of view besides that you must be sexist. 1
They must have stopped calling that silent majority 1
God forbid workers fight against worker abuse! 1
But she's a woman! 1
How else are they to protect their citizens from gay generated tornados and earthquakes? 1
I'm sure Hillary's AMA would be no holds barred 1
Because snubbing jerks on the internet is a good reason to vote for someone that doesn't care about your interests. 1
Total loser 1
That will really help him. 1
Because cocaine and heroin totally doesn't cause debilitating addiction at much higher rates than even alcohol. 1
Think of all the empowered third world children who make her high heels! 1
Yeah but they only removed posts that were violating reddits rules 1
BECAUSE THE BIBLE IS THE TRUTH GIVEN BY GOD AND THE KORAN IS SATANIC LIES! 1
"I'll pay you more if you can do those ""magical"" things for me." 1
Can't tell if 1
Because asking someone to justify their opinion is completely tactless... 1
So don't get mad cause the profit motive is creating innovation! 1
You forgot the 1
And I say if child labor is good for India it is good for the United States of America! 1
I think you missed the 1
Breaking: woman is responsible for husband's behavior 1
All 12 articles! 1
But Reddit has told me for years that only Republicans and the RNC are corrupt! 1
Draining the swamp boys 1
"""surgeon"" is just a fancy way to say ""butcher"" and ""mechanic"" in one word." 1
piling haha look at me i'm so much smrater than you 1
Thanks Obama! 1
Because winning in Iowa historically means making the presidency. 1
Trump knows best! 1
Why do you hate America? 1
Unless hillary wins then it must've been fraud. 1
Keep after Darrell Issa on this! 1
Well yeah but the blacks weren't so uppity and there wasn't as many Mexicans 1
Kansas' budget has been doing pretty well with its massive tea party tax cuts. 1
I'm sure this billionaire knows exactly how to improve our public schools. 1
I just can't wait until we start locking up all the right wingers in all those FEMA camps the UN has been helping us build! 1
These ads against Trump are **NOT NICE**. 1
Black people do this to themselves. 1
What if someone puts up a giant floating panel that covers the whole state? 1
Yeah but we is freer than those socialests. 1
and nobody saw this coming 1
She also didn't send or receive any classified material on her private server 1
Yeah there's no way to close loopholes or simplify the tax code. 1
So how much did you sell your account for? 1
You forgot the 1
That damn name recognition! 1
Damn immigrants. 1
forgot the 1
Thanks Obama! 1
Yeah but then we're technically right. 1
Jesus would have scolded her too! 1
Well if you pinko liberals get to inject science into the classroom we should get to inject our religion too! 1
thank you job cre(h)ators! 1
But the tea party only focuses on fiscal issues. 1
But my marriage means absolutely nothing if government doesn't legally say so! 1
Why not just limit voting to land owners or property owners? 1
shocking. 1
He needs to keep it secret until after the trial 1
This is better though. 1
It is exactly the response a real trump baker gives so it cant be taken as sarcasm without a 1
Pfft... voter suppression efforts have nothing to do with race! 1
you're missing a 1
Oh well that changes everything 1
We pay all those state and local taxes so the rich can get federal income tax cuts so they don't count. 1
I dropped the 1
Because increasing business in this country that will create jobs and tax income for the government would be awful. 1
Some states are 3/5's of a state. 1
just like how much compassion the US is showing to your fellow Syrian men right now 1
If there's one opinion I trust about the inner workings of left wing politics it's the true Bolsheviks like Heat St 1
No seriously let's talk about 2013 guys that is more important 1
Son obviously has superior genetics. 1
Like those experts on Russian hackers! 1
So that pastor just made Trump his bitch? 1
They shouldn't be having babies in the first place. 1
there is absolutely nothing more important to address in America right now 1
Truly shocking revelations here folks. 1
"You mean ""misremembering""" 1
Wow I'm so going to vote for sanders instead of trump now ! 1
It boggles the mind... 1
Like Ann Coulter? 1
Because wanting universal health care or tuition free public universities is retarded. 1
You mean like how Hillary and the DNC went out of their way to rig primaries in California *just in case* even though at that time Bernie Sanders had already been mathematically eliminated from winning the bound delegate race? 1
So you say... 1
So Presidential. 1
Because the MSM ignores him and gave shillary the election 1
yeah and Jame's O'keefe is a Saint 1
That's the liberal media for you. 1
This article is full of evidence. 1
Lots and lots of rallies 1
If everyone was a Trump supporter the world would be a better place. 1
Hey he apoolle a gized on snl 1
Look at this show off. 1
But that would never work here because the US is too big 1
They will bring out the new $.77 bill in honor of women. 1
But imagine how awesome it would be to see Trump and Putin shirtless riding horses together. 1
Our foreign policy should be based off of Command and Conquer. 1
Everyone knows black people don't have jobs so he must be tresspassing 1
Sorry we didn't do it begrudgingly. 1
Democracy! 1
You can only fact check negative things about the Donald (except they're all biased of course so it doesn't count) and positive things about Hillary because everyone knows how evil that criminal bitch really is so the facts would be false anyways! 1
She'll look into it 1
Yeah people should be subsistence farmers rather than shitty work conditions. 1
Stop making shit up. 1
It's to enhance our freedom of speech 1
Forgot 1
and quite the supporter of your country as well. 1
Oh that was a good one. 1
Damn those journalists and their absolute obsession with reporting every story they come across! 1
Why would the Clinton News Network ever change the narrative of the people? 1
Bahahaha I think you forgot the 1
He's costing her the white supremacist vote! 1
like those damn insurance premiums... using my money to pay for others.. 1
You're going to think twice about using that bullet because it cost so much. 1
Christianity? 1
Imagine the opportunities Trump would create with 10%+ unemployment! 1
Most transparent nominee in history! 1
guys i was just watching nbc and it isn't actually that bad 1
Clearly Charles Barkley is racist 1
Funny how that worked for us the past decade and a half. 1
Did you know that sometimes aborted babies are pushed back into the womb just so they can be aborted again? 1
Don't they have ways of shutting that whole thing down? 1
another vote for Romney folks! 1
That's because she had an earpiece with people telling her what to say. 1
Yea cause she hasn't done that already. 1
HURR DURR LIBERAL ARTS DEGREES ARE FOR WORKING AT STARBUCKS. 1
stop mansplaining 1
Only killing babies. 1
It worked in Kansas. 1
I suppose to her they're superpredators. 1
Scott the Engineer is the only one on the show that understands politics! 1
"because ""but CNN said..."" is so much better!" 1
Pandering to those low-information voters 1
And Obama started the Iraq war! 1
This just shows how good he is at business 1
But this sub led me to believe only republicans rig elections 1
God damn Obama being divisive again! 1
Cant argue with a list! 1
The paid internet users are done and gone. 1
im sure the poor guy was suffering from a mental illness. 1
An abuela we can all trust! 1
Really I never knew that 1
Having a billionaire on the ticket is just what she needs to win. 1
According to reddit your friend hates fags and everything to do with anything non-christian. 1
Yeah the media is so hard on Clinton. 1
Yeah im sure all 3 of them legitimately despised her 8 years ago. 1
Democrats = Hillary 1
Appears he's still polling too high with 'white male' voters to insure a Clinton landslide victory as originally agreed. 1
locker room talk 1
Maybe you should stop reading it 1
Good thing the Benghazi Butcher hasn't flip flopped on the Globalist trade deals like TPP and NAFTA though 1
I can't explain insanity. 1
When all else fails blame Pepe 1
But he speaks at a college level! 1
Yes there certainly weren't top secret level chains on a server with an admin with literally zero clearance nope not at all 1
Don't buy the narrative they want you to believe sheeple! 1
And yet Republican Presidents continued to make thousands of them! 1
Giving power to anti-Semites has sure never caused any problems before 1
But how will they put black people in jail if they legalize weed? 1
"What have ""facts"" and ""science"" ever done for ME?" 1
But.... but... Salon &amp; Greenwald are just flacks for the Democrats. 1
clear evidence the election is rigged 1
Yeah...he's running out of time here. 1
They must all be racist misogynists. 1
Obviously they're using cloaking technology. 1
Wow *this* sure looks like a credible news source we should all trust. 1
Glad to see your shining armor hasn't blinded you. 1
Because this is what libertarians believe 1
shut up cuck! 1
but but but but he said he would put it in a blind trust run by his children so he wouldn't profit from his policies..... 1
But it just feels so damn macho 1
Not gay you mean? 1
Because Clinton is bought and paid for! 1
Because he totally wouldn't be impeached for that. 1
Yup...Trump is certainly to the left of Hillary 1
Good to see they still don't want equality. 1
We don't need CNN pieces muddying up the front page...people may miss the new Mother Jones article. 1
How can anyone think Hillary would want to ban Twinkies after Obama spent billions to bail out Hostess? 1
I am so glad she supports small government. 1
yeah but Hillary would have been just as bad 1
That works so well in china and india weird how the average wages are like 1-3 thousand a year 1
You know....bailouts and stuff.... 1
So this is completely accurate 1
Nawwww.... 1
It's a good thing other popular music doesn't do that. 1
He was being sarcastic! 1
Carly's doing a fine job with Planned Parenthood. 1
But then how would you know what's in it? 1
Don't you find it particularly precious that the behavior of the Ferguson police seem to be acting on direct instructions from President Obama on this. 1
9/11 was an inside job man! 1
it's only sarcasm 1
Bernie or bust! 1
the kitten fucking deserved it 1
But... but... the title of the article is anti-Hillary... Doesn't that mean auto-upvote to get it to the front page without any thought or reading what-so-ever? 1
It's good thing we're backing down from that or Russia would've destroyed the world! 1
But... Mao? 1
You are what's wrong with America. 1
Well if the poor weren't so lazy maybe they'd have more money. 1
It's only dangerous because you failed at it 1
Who knew that exorcism wasn't an effective way to eliminate the state's deficit? 1
Then obviously it's working! 1
You only believe 1+1=2 because someone left-wing libral teacher told you! 1
So he didn't stop saying this in 2011 like he said he did? 1
The Feds can fix it by butting out and letting the market fix it! 1
Right because the Dow has like more than doubled under Obama..... He's obviously doing something wrong 1
Sounds like an oligarchy 1
LOL whiny millennials for sure. 1
Good luck with that. 1
THOSE DANG LIBTARDS. 1
Pulitzers are rigged. 1
That liberal nonsense is really ruining our economy here in MN. 1
FAKE NEWS 1
"I know literally nothing about politics but people on Reddit like Bernie and don't like Hilary if I can't vote for Bernie I'm voting for trump cuz memes and ""shaking up politics XD""." 1
Lol wealth inequality = great depression 1
Yeah the DNC picked a horrible candidate. 1
But it's her turn 1
What a shame that would be. 1
60 out of about 2500... Wow just awful 1
OMG SHE MADE A RETURN ON HER INVESTMENT WHAT A WHORE! 1
Cause all teaparty supporters want to kill the president and hate gays 1
Not to mention no one has looked into Benghazi nor talked about it. 1
that's really going to make america great again. 1
and the NSA would never lie to the American public about something like that.. 1
This is a sexist article. 1
so military spending in the country to the point you take away from infrastructure and safety nets makes perfect sense right? 1
Yeah the blatant cronyism really brought out the liberal vote. 1
but Trump is the only one suppressing voters 1
This isn't going to get a lot worse. 1
but.... but.... there is no difference between Republicans and Democrats..... they both just money in politics 1
You must be dying from Parkison's like her then 1
Not when you're a woman. 1
Anything that disagrees with me is bullshit. 1
Yeah you're right the white multi millionaire clinton family are soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better. 1
You sounds like a true financial analyst 1
All republicans over time have caused every bad thing to happen to us..even Hitler 1
Source:MAGA 1
But then we could nationalize them all and create a socialist utopia 1
sure you can. 1
What kind of meth is she smoking? 1
No bias in that. 1
Glen Beck is a national treasure. 1
Money is never a motivator. 1
I guess that makes the idea of nuking Europe ok. 1
Not a real woman. 1
You forgot the part about unions being evil 1
You know... riggers and rigger-lovers. 1
you forgot the 1
Because its Obamas fault 1
Well it seems the establishment keeps making smart choices. 1
Asian privilege 1
We've got to keep the government out of their Medicaid. 1
Since 10 is more than 3 I say we reduce their taxes even more since making them pay a higher number isn't working. 1
Trump really missed an opportunity there. 1
I wonder if timing these bankster pillagings and riding their coattails could be a valid investment strategy for us poor people? 1
Pretty sure is proof enough for me 1
well it's a good thing we have a rock solid candidate like HRC that just oozes integrity and honesty. 1
Staying up all night to give us porn advice takes STAMINA. 1
Will you stop it with the identity politics? 1
WV Dems are obviously sexist 1
As long as you pay them in small bags of rice. 1
It's also a good thing for her that the politicians in Congress have overwhelmingly high approval ratings. 1
The 1% is a race too! 1
Yea and they aren't subsidized at all 1
Thanks goodness for an open and free internet 1
Just because it was a landslide in the metric we use to elect the president doesn't mean it was a *real* landslide! 1
But don't you know that the free market will provide all those things...eventually? 1
SAYS WHO? 1
yes we all know that people are more accurate and more honest than computers 1
I never would have seen this coming. 1
You forgot to unskew them 1
OR he founded it THEN ran for President 1
I'm guessing 1
But degrees are proof of that since they teach critical thinking in college! 1
you're obviously a sexist if you think that 1
You can always count on Anderson Cooper to ask Hillary tough questions. 1
Please tell me you forgot to add an 1
What a shock! 1
Totally makes her qualified to be POTUS 1
Forgot the 1
They is the best. 1
He should have brought the Glock. 1
Well it's not as if degrees of whiteness has ever caused trouble in the past ... 1
Socialism! 1
You forgot the 1
Nature! 1
The wall of course! 1
Well as long as they aren't AMERICAN children. 1
Totally wasn't the guy fucked up on a combination of prescription pills and illegal drugs. 1
She's just that smart. 1
That's because Republicans didn't let him spend the money. 1
Topical and Radical! 1
For some at Fox it could be. 1
Cuz Romney can be taken at his word and never changed his opinion on anything to sway voters... 1
What a surprise! 1
Just don't drive on the roads then. 1
I think the solution is tax cuts 1
This is just more proof that she's more electable 1
obama's gonna take our guns... but for real this time 1
Trump truly is the face of the anti-corporate thinking in America. 1
But maybe we can all be as smart as him one day! 1
Send in Scott Walker to help those GOP brethren out 1
That's age discrimination! 1
Every person who gets 1 or more votes shares the presidency! 1
Are you questioning the integrity of USAPOLITICSNOW? 1
We're gonna be pray'n for ya! 1
IT IS HER TURN YOU WHITE MALE 1
It's hardly my fault their parents are godless liberal homos who don't watch Fox News. 1
Because they take money from THE CORPORATIONS reeeeee 1
Old people are low-information. 1
Because Mormonism isn't following the right gawd. 1
You forgot your 1
Don't forget the horrifying leftist media. 1
Well everyone knows I'm protected from being offended by others actions and opinions by the first amendment. 1
Because the second most favored candidate amongst black voters is Donald Trump 1
Trickle down is totally working! 1
Money is free speech just like my loud speaker is 1
Let's have them all wear a patch so we can easily identify them in public too 1
At that point it won't matter because a few other people will make a lot more money 1
But he said believe me! 1
It's good to know you have an open mind. 1
Stop taxing the job creators! 1
"""Let them eat cake!""" 1
David Barton writes the only accurate histories. 1
"Yeah but she admitted she ""misspoke"" and ""made a mistake"" like every other day so no big." 1
Meaningless until he stops personally constructing FEMA death camps by hand 1
No way he will change his mind and endorse Trump in a few weeks. 1
That's because all tax is theft and coercion. 1
A black man is president. 1
Because the democrats are sooooo great it doesnt matter! 1
How can Trump have donors if he told me he's 100% self funding? 1
Why don't these tribes get a lawyer and Souix? 1
Law and Order 1
Obviously news reporters that work for Clinton are more trustworthy than professors. 1
Good comeback... 1
you forgot the 1
Golly he's so smart 1
Yeah just leave it up to the corporations to decide 1
Yea that's exactly what would happen 1
Think you forgot the 1
Those aren't people those are profits! 1
If only reddit knew who he was. 1
The FBI has a rich history of investigating things that aren't at a criminal level. 1
Alt-left code word for pedo-orgy 1
I'm sure all that oil will flow much more safely on trains now. 1
Clearly President Bush was doing way more work during his days actually spent working. 1
But if he's raising all this money how would he be a good president 1
Do I hear Donald Trump? 1
No Russia was never Communist what are you on about? 1
Do you really want trump as president? 1
Canadians call it a basketball ring. 1
Sounds like he has always been surrounded by good advisers. 1
That must be why the NRA is opposed to legalization. 1
Because they believe in small govt 1
Can you send me some chocolate covered cigar M80's? 1
That job-killing trainwreck Obamacare has embedded microchip implants in our hands that make us love him. 1
So long as they keep increasing executive salaries! 1
Yeah those two choices sure were viable 1
They probably just did it to impress all us handsome young Bernie Bros. 1
Good to know that when the oil runs out we will still be able to pollute. 1
But the Clinton Foundation isn't part of her campaign so it doesn't matter. 1
What a crazy leftist lol. 1
And Democrats are ever so concerned about respecting traditions. 1
Brown colored terrorists...who would have thought. 1
Bitcoins! 1
Socialism. 1
Who knows why the New London Police Department didnt want the *40 year old police trainee*? 1
Yeah... Mhm you totally sounds like a Bernie-supporting democrat. 1
but theres anecdotal evidence! 1
But at least their children won't be in a pizza sex ring! 1
whoops... 1
I was thinking we could round them all up and put them on an island prison. 1
Well the Union is the reason they don't have jobs right? 1
Those are all good points but I heard that Hillary said a mean thing in an email and we absolutely can't have that. 1
Just because she took money from them doesn't mean she won't turn around after she's President and stick it to them! 1
This isn't the place for sane compromise! 1
you forgot the 1
Yes security guards are *more essential* to any democracy. 1
Working for America is soooo bad. 1
this is what we need voter ID laws for! 1
That's why we are loved and no one ever attacks us. 1
you left of the 1
But it's about momentum 1
Because we dropped all that stuff and this is the only issue on the plate right now. 1
Free Beacon is not a reputable pollster? 1
TIL white nationalism isn't the same as white supremacy. 1
Why did the dems leave us vulnerable? 1
forgot the 1
"it's called ""business""" 1
because i'll be damned if we take the money away from Israeli war hawks and give it toward Americans in need of proper healthcare... 1
Nice name 1
The only politicians who don't have credibility issues are the ones supporting Bernie Sanders. 1
Dropped your 1
If only there was a convenient way to mark ambiguous text as satire... 1
Don't you mean Kenya? 1
Well he doesnt have name recognition so it cant be true 1
How very civic of you. 1
Because that's *such* a biblical concept. 1
But would that be a problem with the aforementioned fire raging? 1
I too enjoy supporting a politician based on their attractiveness 1
Hillary BAD! 1
The world always needs ditch diggers 1
Russia is part of Asia... and she is a planted Russian spy. 1
Surviving historical documents are still liberal propaganda 1
We've got to break up the big Phone Banks! 1
everyone knows the leader of north Korea is Obama ! 1
"Nah man they just see the color of skin and are like ""it's black law man""." 1
Yes because he would do that. 1
PROOF OF OBAMA'S WAR ON RELIGION! 1
Finally - some job creation; someone's gotta build those camps. 1
Why won't Hillary come out and say she doesn't have a dick! 1
The Civil Rights Act was a horrid bill! 1
Much of the fresh water that spills into the oceans is caused by left wing scientists who push the hoax theory of gravity into the political theater. 1
But Tupac was one of those blacks. 1
"""Fucking Constitution...""" 1
So glad this guy is my governor. 1
Only a true visionary like Rmoney can sense what his audience wants and give it to them. 1
Too expensive not to 1
But then we might have to pay our teachers more. 1
You're not factoring the cost of being a morally bankrupt communist! 1
We need the government step in and take that away from us! 1
Such commie ideals! 1
"No it was an ""inquiry""." 1
But Obama should obviously not be allowed to use Air Force One like other presidents because reasons. 1
I thought they assimilated into the culture of mass shootings pretty well. 1
Who would have thought that Judicial Watch was working for the Russians 1
Uh oh MSM lying to us again... 1
Wow what a huge fucking surprise. 1
I did not have a breathalyzer handy. 1
"So he is part of the ""scam"" too I see" 1
seems legit 1
How ethical of Pfizer! 1
I don't read them; I print them out and insert them into my anus. 1
That African American outreach looks to be going great! 1
Yeah because Infowars and Alex Jones are just the most reputable journalists 1
You have no personal accountability! 1
*Unity* 1
I like the throwaway accounts playing r/politics 1
The brain named itself! 1
You dropped this 1
It's called business 1
Time wasting losers! 1
Maybe it's time to rise up against the corporate tool Elizabeth. 1
Lies! 1
Drones = 2nd coming of Hitler! 1
Lol it's alright when it's all white. 1
WAKE UP SHEEPLE! 1
But that's socialism! 1
O'Malley '16! 1
That'll browbeat him into voting for Hillary for sure. 1
That's the MSM trying to suppress Trump. 1
Quietly with secret courts. 1
"They forgot to add ""Born in the USA""." 1
He was just being sarcastic 1
Education is a liberal atheist conspiracy! 1
I'm not sure that platitude applies to bribes and campaign donations from special interests 1
Stop being such a SJW and attaching Trump's speech. 1
There's a large group of actions by this non acting administration supporting your bullshit argument. 1
You forgot 1
Be a democrat. 1
But you get treated by a cheese-eating surrender monkey. 1
Damn liberal media. 1
Because no AR-15 was ever raffled off before the Newtown murders 1
You could both take on enough debt to destroy the next 20 years of income and get an education while you wait for jobs that pay worth a damn to magically appear. 1
Yeah because they were paragons of virtue. 1
recognizing that racism exists is the real racism 1
It's always pleasant to see would be dictators *always* announce their intentions before they do something. 1
He has mental illness sir! 1
Didnt you know *literally* every Republican is **stupid** and **ignorant**. 1
Yep I was totally shocked 1
Anti-Semite! 1
That's why I get my news from thinkprogress.org! 1
So like when we elected Obama? 1
Just like the Bush administration and 9/11 1
"Who would have thought those ""bad hombres"" might show up and vote." 1
But he's an *evil socialist*! 1
Because the GOP was so trustworthy to begin with. 1
Color me surprised. 1
Just goes to show how ineffective she is 1
Well how else am I supposed to get an erection with my 1.3 inch penis? 1
He does have flies that land on him. 1
God damned Correct the Record shills. 1
Fake news only matters after the primaries 1
Well clearly he hates the victims of 911 1
I thought that number seemed high then I realized it includes infants who of course get shot all the time! 1
But they're our allies! 1
It's because college educated white women are sexist bernie bros. 1
It's ok guys he will drop any day now. 1
But... Clinton kept email on this server instead of that one! 1
Well at least that money isn't going towards a hateful Islamist school or something. 1
Thomas Jefferson was a shitlord slave owner who could not envision the benevolent bureaucratic utopia that our current Democratic party supports. 1
Good to see that Republicans are so law and order type people. 1
She's done so well on them we should trust her even more 1
A vote for no one is a vote for Trump! 1
He's like literally hitler though! 1
They didn't know what they were doing because Obama didn't tell them how dangerous it was 1
Don't you know that state's rights is only legitimate when it's used to discriminate against minorities? 1
Are you calling Carson a monkey? 1
You forgot the 1
Thank goodness the Republican's focus and conscience to support the American people finally did something about the access and healthcare spending in this country 1
We've got our priorities straight! 1
I didn't know Watergate happened in 2000! 1
Probably backed them up on to her server 1
Not Honest Hill 1
How dare they get rid of simultaneous registration and voting and insist on a few days to verify registration before voting starts! 1
The Mexican invasion... 1
"Because all ""illegals"" are drug smugglers and that would solve drug violence in America?" 1
Another brick in the walll. 1
But the Supreme Court told us that the Voting Rights Act was no longer applicable in our post-racial society! 1
You dropped this: 1
It's not racism if it's true 1
Yep all those white people in Korea and Japan making technological advances 1
It's almost makes it sound like the people in these states weren't being properly represented! 1
Legal destruction of government property. 1
Bush wasn't a true conservative. 1
To bad he doesn't use the best words like Trump. 1
lol he used big words lol 1
Right because the republicans worked so well with Obama in running the government these last eight years. 1
This is just proof that Obama is an evil socialist who **really** cracks down on billionaires who purposefully damage the environmental just to make a profit. 1
But it was her turn and also 9/11 1
He literally doesnt mean literally 1
well the fact you posted doesn't match the one in my mind.. so there 1
What are you gonna do they didn't have their permits. 1
But they could be terrorists. 1
"""See she has a sense of humor which adds to the many reasons why she is our best option to lead our country!""" 1
Yeah he'll have all of that leverage after she is President. 1
I didn't use the 1
An art degree. 1
Source? 1
dont worry your white privilege will kick in soon 1
Clearly he should have cosplayed as a white cliven Bundy supporter. 1
Doesn't free speech mean there aren't consequences for what I say? 1
Oh but they just talked about golf and grandkids 1
Sounds like democracy died at your convention too! 1
Your religious beliefs are triggering me. 1
Yeah because Obama is a trustworthy person. 1
That's racist. 1
Ya- before Obamacare health insurance costs never went up! 1
You shouldn't take acid and try to be president at the same time. 1
I'm sure Mitt's private fleet is helping the victims now. 1
Good I hope he breaks out the fema camps and starts confiscating guns soon I get tired of all this talk 1
maybe if she married her sister 1
Yes you clearly assumed Clinton would be the STD because all women are sexual objects to you. 1
We are legion 1
So steamy 1
Must have been that powerful mythical liberal MSM. 1
This sounds to me like a right wing conspiracy... 1
Texans go to school? 1
Holy crap are we *still* taking about this? 1
But she's got foreign policy experience! 1
But Hilary was going to start WWIII. 1
Italy is just the Mexico of Europe! 1
You mean that made-up thing that didn't really happen. 1
like the street. 1
But Trump told me black unemployment was 60% and he tells it like it is! 1
Trump got a Purple Heart and he didn't get no PTSD! 1
Well I'm sure the lizards can make more than one suit! 1
FDR was an elitist establishment politician that was a warmonger. 1
That is very offensive to the fecaphile community 1
Kinda makes me wonder why the FBI went ahead and had the interview today if they already knew the outcome. 1
The swamp will be drained any minute now. 1
Because the proven voter fraud and manipulating of CA polls that have been reported on repeatedly must be in the imagination of a couple Redditers right? 1
Why can't he just email them? 1
its not like clinton isn't a bullshit candidate and the entire reason trump won in the first place 1
Study it out! 1
So it really doesn't cost anyone money? 1
Impeach! 1
Bernie better watch out before he becomes an SJW and shoves socialist policies and progressive views down our throats 1
I think we both know God prefers caucasian believers. 1
Awww you took the fun out of the adventure! 1
The same John Oliver that said Bernie supporters who felt like the DNC was rigged against them were wrong? 1
It takes a strong man to admit that his feelings are hurt... and then he pushes the red button :D 1
How will the rich politicos keep the poor whites and colors from mooching up all the freedonm? 1
I really hope this was 1
Just like the committee itself 1
So the conspiracy was all these years in the making! 1
I mean why can't everyone just be like Bristol Palin and practice abstinence. 1
But she's been nothing but a liar her entire life and everyone knows she's really just a Republican anyway! 1
So you're saying they are presidential material? 1
FTFY: Muslim Centrist 1
That makes him smart! 1
Good thing no other company will ever be affected by this ruling. 1
You don't say 1
But they're only biased because of government regulations. 1
Because outcomes mean more than the process 1
Probably attacking the compound like all the other liberals. 1
*for freedom* 1
The cnn poll which sampled 2x as many dems as republicans is up to editorial standards. 1
One vote for starving to death from Unseelie. 1
Says Who? 1
Just wait until Hillary takes over... She'll show him 1
Give him a break guys...he's only had a year and a half in office. 1
Uh... racist! 1
"Are you implying someone with the username ""atheist_intellectual "" would make reddit his home?" 1
Your big werds are why the Demz losed! 1
kek 1
"He had me at ""I'm a white nationalist""." 1
Racist! 1
Perhaps they would have understood the consequences better if BHO wasn't a black Muslim Kenyan terrorist that hates America. 1
Ah yes because Western nations have the labor capacity and supply chains to manufacture all of the iPhones the world consumes! 1
Because Sarah Palin told me there'd be death panels. 1
Good thing Sanders consistently shows himself to have such a great grasp of foreign policy! 1
The use of money for political speech was already settled under *Citizens United v. FRC* 1
Which explains why he was so happy to see the Panama Papers be released 1
Because Webb and Chafee totally had a chance 1
You just used your white privilege for that. 1
Thanks for the insightful article as always salon 1
You forgot the 1
How much do you think the Vatican is paying him for this? 1
but the world ends in 2012? 1
"""Literally"" Yeah because all of these intelligence agencies are not corrupt &amp; driven by money" 1
But he's not electable! 1
But that's socialism! 1
Unlike the democrat or the republican nominees 1
I guess Pence was just a PR stunt 1
"Can't wait for ""people"" to come and say that crooked politifact is lying on behalf of establishment" 1
Come on: taking the hard effort to spend a few minutes voting once every four is vastly superior to someone spending decades in Washington trying to change things. 1
You mean like Puerto Rico is a sovereign country? 1
Oh you mean the internet polls that says he won it in a landslide? 1
He forgot 1
Everyone is sure to love his proposed open borders policy! 1
Yeah the whopping $95/1% fine is the only reason all these people decided to sign up after going years without insurance. 1
She's republican obviously she's a nut job! 1
Yeah that's how businesses expand! 1
But it feeeeeeels worse. 1
Yeah but Christianity is the *good* religion! 1
you forgot your 1
Sounds like a great way to lower unemployment 1
Its a good thing that the republican controlled media is suppressing this baseless liberal accusations! 1
People are failing to take into account that it is Obama's fault Bush took so many vacation days. 1
Why do we let mexicans vote if we're not going to let dead americans? 1
Same as *East Germany* you mean... 1
Make Wall Street Great Again! 1
Can Sanders recover from this devastating victory? 1
She wouldn't kiss daddy Trump on his lips. 1
Only government can protect us from each other. 1
Yeah we need people like bernie who aren't afraid to speak out in an incredibly conservative state like *vermont* 1
Almost certainly 1
Burn the traitor! 1
Yeah this definitely not a hate crime. 1
Come on lets facebank call donate it isnt over she bought these votes 1
you forgot the 1
We should make it illegal to not stand during the national anthem too. 1
Hey Let's vote on it! 1
Thank goodness cops are keeping us safe! 1
You forgot the 1
Cause racism! 1
BOTH PARTIES ARE THE SAME AND HOW DARE YOU POINT OUT THAT ONE GROUP DID THINGS DIFFERENTLY. 1
Just fire one of your employees and take on the extra work load yourself 1
"I'm sure True the Vote and all the other ""electoral integrity"" obsessives and hysterics will be right on this real and actual threat to electoral integrity...." 1
He probably stole it from Marla Maples 1
Appeasing Republicans has been such a good strategy for Libs in the past. 1
Those fucking lazy kids should have voted! 1
I'm sure they were all working on that subject.... 1
Shocking 1
But he's black and his name is Muslim! 1
Thanks for your insightful and valuable contribution. 1
Oh that's why the Republicans were able to turn up so much evidence at all those hearing I guess 1
Why you gotta hate Job Creators^TM ? 1
Because there's never any hypocrisy in Hillary's campaign? 1
Theyre just angsty about the economy 1
Because the constitution accounted for every person owning concealable firearms. 1
"Enjoying your escape from the ""European nightmare""?" 1
I am assuming this was a 1
Well really the only thing Americans use the metric system for is illegal drugs so I think metric measurement devices should probably be considered paraphernalia. 1
you forgot the 1
Because this is by far the most important issue facing the Commonwealth right now... 1
You missed the invisible 1
Is it because they're Jewish? 1
The fair thing would be to allow Hillary's SuperPacs to pay money to put her articles at the top of reddit. 1
"""O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave!""" 1
Which is why Bachmann did the dance of joy! 1
And clearly this is why we still have muggings and home invasions. 1
Pedophilia in the highest circles of government is impossible and has never happened before 1
You obviously love the terrorists 1
Like trump mispronouncing Nevada! 1
Why is no one thinking of the share holders. 1
No guys this is good now he can go back to prosecuting those damn 9/11 terrorists. 1
But if we simply didn't tax companies in any way then they wouldn't move overseas! 1
Sounds like a crazy right-wing conspiracy to me. 1
Anti-intellectual republican teabagger! 1
Well that settles that! 1
Thanks for taking my comment seriously. 1
But emails. 1
Yeah he's a real tough guy isn't he? 1
But that $32bn was for our freedom. 1
fucking pinko commie 1
RACIST! 1
Mission Accomplished! 1
Yes Trumps driver is totally a mercenary 1
He's black 1
It's not biased if I agree with what they say. 1
They better ban sharia law while they're at it. 1
This whole idea of all of us having civil liberties and equality under the Constitution is totally stifling States. 1
$hills confirmed! 1
The mom was obviously training her kids for being future murders. 1
Source? 1
Oh yeah... like people screaming about there being no WMD's in Iraq is just the same as saying the President is born in Kenya. 1
No. 1
So should we do a poll tax or a reading test? 1
I can't wait to hear how she's honoring her small dollar donors over large corporate lobbyists. 1
She had such success at HP 1
Sounds like the rich need another tax break 1
It was clearly an ingenius 4d chess move 1
Nah it's not PC to hold people accountable for their own actions. 1
Yeah with the rising tax revenue and falling crime rates it has no shot at getting better. 1
Show me the quid pro quo! 1
Diagnosis: tampered mic 1
He saw the Mooslems dancing on the roofs across the river in New Jersey 1
"Another ""deep "" thinker." 1
Too bad they don't vote! 1
Multi million dollar quarterly bonuses to execs seems really efficient! 1
you forgot the ((())) around globalist 1
And 9-11 was an inside job. 1
The polls that show him losing are rigged by the MSM 1
What an SJW 1
Won't someone think of the shareholders? 1
That's communist democrat talk! 1
Yes vote republican the party of peace. 1
How is he supposed to pay his mortgage when Obama takes all of his money and gives it to black people? 1
Because it isn't racist to call out white people and make an incendiary title. 1
He should be sorry because you made that very obvious. 1
Screw that peaceful protest nonsense. 1
But you'd let him do it because he's a star. 1
Polls are lies and Clinton's cronies control the voting booths 1
I can't imagine why democrats would want to make it so illegals and people on temporary visas can easily vote. 1
Lol because Trump and his supporters never lie or make hoaxes. 1
Then he vehemently tried to explain that he attempted to stab the cashier. 1
That and better in size 10 6inch pumps. 1
Those must be some pretty tough soldiers to have to put up air conditioned tents. 1
And then us Canadians would have to build a wall 1
"He said ""Cops has killed"" so it sounds pretty official to me." 1
She is a woman. 1
But empathy is for the politically correct... 1
You have to love the end of the fiscal year. 1
Did Judicial Watch ever find Obama's REAL birth certificate? 1
"As a ""Christian Nation"" should." 1
Why do we care about Twitch Plays Pokemon secrecy? 1
Society crumbles in the wake of the estate tax. 1
Very surprising! 1
Yeah but he did it with good intentions and that's what matters. 1
Permanent unemployment is definitely better. 1
You should totally be an organizer 1
Maybe it was to defend her right to own a firearm? 1
They're a family of sleeper cell terrorists! 1
Because we all know destroying old mobile devices erases emails. 1
Yeah thats really what America wants. 1
Well all blacks live in the inner city soooo.... 1
Well people say they want another Ronald Reagan.... This is probably as close as we will get. 1
SO you'll claim it's true again in a week... 1
I like how they all jumped to defend their brothers and sisters in arms 1
Maybe he'll make up the gap by dominating the women vote? 1
Yeah that's way worse than actually mishandling sensitive classified information. 1
Wouldn't he be a freedom fighter? 1
Not True Americans! 1
how is she establishment when she is a woman? 1
I had this big rant in response then saw your abortive 1
It's nice to see that delegates suddenly matter again. 1
watch as all the wealthy people leave their beachfront California mansions and their Manhattan penthouses in order to move to Kansas and take advantage of this sweet deal! 1
I'm sure the African American community enjoys that position. 1
Yea but ... hmm ... US is really huge and diverse? 1
Unnamed sources are the best sources. 1
Bu- but- but Trump will retaliate with Twitter and free earned media 1
Yea it really took us 20 years to shift gears from Pear Harbor to all out war. 1
You anti-semite! 1
Everyone knows that the only real news comes from my uncle's Facebook posts. 1
Terri Gowdy and the munchkins had pistols held to their heads 1
Early voting 1
Shut up sexist. 1
For the bible tells them so 1
Which polls? 1
Maybe if we cut more... 1
I guess I should have used a 1
America is great if you're rich! 1
This is shaping up to be a fantastic week for him. 1
"""But but then I can't be a victim!!!""" 1
DRAIN THE SWAMP! 1
TIL Fish-human hybrids are real. 1
this administration is doing a great job with that ... keep up the good work and soon we'll be saying Thanks Hillary instead of Thanks Obama 1
u forgot your 1
PSh-- it's exactly the same. 1
You're missing out fawning over the first female president you anti-feminist! 1
2 parties are the same 1
Just yesterday I saw him ranting about going against the states that legalized marijuana... How did that not solidify his presidential bid? 1
This happens all the time in countries with strict gun control. 1
Looks like there's going to be a brokered convention too 1
But they closed these clinics for women's health. 1
You dropped this: 1
They're godless socialists who hate America? 1
"He's ""just tellin' it like it is""" 1
We need smart guns that read a person's intent and mood and automatically won't fire. 1
I forgot my 1
Ask your doctor if this is right for you. 1
Obviously Bernie's losing because of the media blackout on his campaign 1
You think Mitt Romney would do something against the rules? 1
Obama hasn't been that bad. 1
You just don't understand how restricting this freedom would end society. 1
Shocker! 1
I feel like I've said this a lot this year... I'm utterly shocked. 1
you forgot the 1
But think of the children! 1
I think he just forgot the 1
But... But... It's great again! 1
Did somebody accidentally let Varg into the country? 1
I love sites that don't let you zoom out to get videos in screen. 1
"Cause the problem with America is the tax system isn't ""fair"" for people that make more than thousands of others combined." 1
It's her turn sexist! 1
His kids probably will... 1
Well at least the rich of america will donate lots of money to support our fellow americans thanks to the tax cuts. 1
DELETE THIS! 1
Well they are the job creators 1
I think you missed the 1
nonono only Israelis can be bad guys.. 1
He's definitely going to lose now 1
Nopenopenopenopenopenope 1
Yeah its not like Trump will ruin our image around the world or anything 1
sure they did 1
Please tell me you forgot your 1
Well I was already voting for Hillary but now that I know W is on board I'm really sold. 1
Keep your government hands off my Medicare! 1
And those Bernie or bust people are being ridiculous! 1
epa did a great job with bp and FEMA definitely helped out during Katrina.... 1
Because every woman's name is Hillary Clinton. 1
But the free market is the best solution for everything. 1
The honors system works so great in all our other industries. 1
Right because the 1 billion dollar twitch deal totally could have gotten there in the first place without net neutrality. 1
Yeah god forbid that a psychiatrist with 4 years of medical training and 6 years of specialty training has the same power to detain as the well trained police officers with their history of discretion in the USA. 1
it is different when Obama is doing it.. 1
You'll love it even more with a casino! 1
Only one way the Clinton campaign can put these rumors to rest: Putin-style action photoshoots. 1
It's obviously not the same since there is no such thing as religion... only Christianity (the Truth) and false beliefs (everything else). 1
Yeah I don't really see a big issue with the government torturing citizens before they kill them either. 1
Shut up and get in line with the party! 1
"""Both parties are the same!""" 1
Well isn't it obvious that brown ppl can only figure things out when white ppl are kind enough to teach them 1
Who know this has been a weird election cycle 1
But ... but... how will Hillary take her Parkinson's medicine? 1
We need to convince Hillary that she's actually a man. 1
praying will cure it 1
Surely this will affect the polling numbers. 1
Yeah Hillary and Donald's foundations are literally the same. 1
We should at least hold our racists to a higher standard of racism. 1
I'm sure donators are livid about him using the money on one of those filthy charities and demanding their money back. 1
Great job wasting the tax payers money on something that will be thrown out by the courts NC! 1
*slow clap* So proud. 1
but jesus is a republican 1
Practicing for real life huh? 1
I for one believe Trump and want to recount every single vote so that he can take credit for the popular vote and be vindicated in his claim. 1
yea fuck the poor 1
People who don't think that free market capitalist corporations always naturally make benign decisions that benefit all of humanity are nothing more than communists 1
What a good argument. 1
Bernie 1
What if we sent a team of scientist in a ship to the core of the planet armed with nukes which detonate in a precise order at a precise time to cause a ripple effect which moves the core in a circle? 1
I think Bernie Sanders should be on the dime. 1
I think he means 'merica done got smart 1
Because the Civil Rights Movement only took place in Alabama 1
Too bad it's impossible to link different types of metadata together! 1
"Probably the least hyperbolic examination of this ""issue"" I'm sure it will get up voted to the front page." 1
That's what the DPSS is for! 1
I totally forgot that the right were the ones that pushed for worker's rights. 1
This is why big government needs to be stopped. 1
You found me out. 1
Everyone knows the only people of any value are working for corporations! 1
You dropped this: 1
Oh good that means she'll win! 1
Yeah it was totally bipartisan. 1
You forgot that Obama never does anything. 1
""" then why did I vote for you""" 1
Because it obviously wasn't because there was a gridlock or anything like that. 1
That is definitely it 1
those poor confused voters. 1
but the LA tracking poll had him in the lead this entire race! 1
If passed I'm sure this law would have no negative consequences 1
why is unemployment is calculated differently when a democrat is president? 1
I'm sure this will only help her Campaign. 1
Tea Party! 1
the strong female figure we want to be the poster child referenced for all women to come. 1
If hillary wins there must've been corruption. 1
You're the real racist for being offended. 1
Or if that crooked dem doesn't say only nice things... 1
But no racism happened before Obama! 1
That makes him smart 1
Trump literally almost lost GA and AZ. 1
White women? 1
Said mean things. 1
I thought they were to produce revenue from traffic fines and to keep donut shops and Taser International in business? 1
Because Hillary will get things done. 1
Nixon was a good guy too. 1
He's just tellin' it like it is! 1
That seems fair and balanced 1
Thanks Iranian News source! 1
can't tell if 1
Not if you ignore California which shouldn't be counted because it disagrees with me and is too liberal for my tastes! 1
i forgot 1
Thank goodness you're not falling for the divide and conquer strategy. 1
But those protesting vets wouldn't be *real* soldiers. 1
But he didn't know anyone was listening! 1
Only way to stop it is to elect Hillary who opposes it. 1
Yeah she really shied away from questions during that 11 hour grilling. 1
For a bimbo. 1
Because they have a greater right to your capital than you do. 1
"""Should have won""" 1
Try looking for them in Texas. 1
I think he forgot this: 1
How are you surviving in your war torn black community? 1
I'm with her. 1
Misogynist 1
The Jews 1
Can't get much closer than that! 1
Which law is it that requires you to release your tax returns again? 1
men are women dogs are cats consonants are vowels 1
Well yeah clearly she's on death's door but is also manipulating the entire media to her benefit whilst organizing murders through the shadowy cabal known as the Clinton Foundation. 1
The first three are just being anti-pc and telling it like it is. 1
Ashley Madison? 1
Blind patriotisme is the only way! 1
Pussies and their scientific facts! 1
Because being right about Iraq twice is a terrible record 1
Ahh trickle down racism... Because trickle down economics has worked so well 1
Dude he said it himself so you know its true 1
Or hasselbeck 1
You forgot the 1
Typical liberals protesting for the 'rights' of 'people'. 1
It's a conspiracy I tell you! 1
Please tell me you forgot the 1
Because Cruz or Kasich will have a landslide victory! 1
Everyone knows the secret election manipulation headquarters is in Arkansas. 1
The right wing uses Nazi ideological tactics but the left are actual Nazis. 1
Clearly women are voting with their vaginas cause they find Bernie Sanders hot. 1
But I don't get it... can't you just sell some of your stock? 1
But....Hillary was the corporate shill 1
doesn't go to vietnam and lies about donating money to vets thats my next president 1
It's that kind of tolerance that will surely make them all see the light of reason. 1
Like Sanders! 1
TIL the GOP is a branch of government comparable to the POTUS. 1
"Everyone knows bias is a Latin word meaning ""pointing out factual information that's inconvenient for me or my position.""" 1
Clearly Goldman Sachs is part of the Vast Left-Wing Conspiracy to make Obama look good. 1
Westchester and up! 1
Quick get a SWAT team we've got terrorists. 1
Now that doesn't sound like a threat. 1
gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 1
LOL @ all the people who think global warming is real! 1
I hear them street smarts is the same as 4 degrees. 1
It was just a huge dump I swear 1
Did we punish them by giving them a payed holiday?again 1
But that doesn't make Trump look bad 1
But muh CTR! 1
KILLARY KLINTON STRIKES AGAIN. 1
Genius 1
TIL the millions of people who voted for Sanders are all beta-male college kid stoners who still use bean bags. 1
Go back to the days of the Company Store! 1
It's not like companies have ever bullied their employees by threatening to shut down if politician X gets elected. 1
It's anti-Drumpf so take it to the top right lads? 1
Luckily Obama is very vocal on this matter 1
I though Hillary's poll numbers never go up 1
Yeah cause polls have been sooo accurate 1
Such a beta thing of you to say. 1
So he is a criminal supporting criminal Hillary. 1
Uh huh.. you've solved it... we all got instantly flipped by astroturfing... if only we could all be awake like you. 1
Free Market? 1
Keep holding onto that dream. 1
The cops in Pittsburgh need to wear camouflage to blend in with the foliage that covers the city. 1
This is clearly Trumps fault. 1
Must mean our upstanding Senators are all doing a good job. 1
Fascinating. 1
"""all free market transactions are voluntary""" 1
Yeah... that looks like it's going to end up with an accurate depiction of public opinion. 1
You obstructionist can't you see your blocking the will of the people? 1
If by allergies you mean the onset of her secret brain tumor 1
I don't know if I would be happy associating with Spike Lee after what he did to NBA2K. 1
'Cuz 'Murica! 1
Usually those guys are so good at spotting a fake. 1
I hear Trump LOVES Bronies! 1
but any hacker is obviously a teenager and would only know modern languages 1
I don't see your point 1
"They meant to say ""the little woman""." 1
That'll show the establishment! 1
Was losing 800k jobs a month *really* that bad? 1
He's a communist. 1
It's probably just a rounding error. 1
Exposing wrong doing by the government is terrible! 1
You need the 1
But...but...but corruption 1
NEVER saw Sanders do that. 1
Oh but he and Hillary are the same! 1
The straight Republican ticket is working really nice here in Kansas 1
I think he meant the Generation that handed out the first ever massive tax cuts in the time of Multiple Wars while massive de-regulating led to the worst economic collapse since the Great Depression... 1
Obviously using government money to fix roads and bridges is communism and should be left up to private investment instead. 1
And we all know Trump is never reckless. 1
Oh yeah no Democrats at all voted for Sanders 1
You want to win don't you? 1
You *fucking* **hypocrite**! 1
Or wipe away all of the bad blood with a cloth? 1
yeah it's not like mlk jr did anything important or significant 1
hopefully 1
What's the point of all this training and kick-ass weaponry if we can't use it to intimidate the public? 1
You mean the Highest FreedomTM Rates 1
That will show them! 1
It's Her turn and Bernie was never a democrat! 1
THIS IS WHY PEOPLE VOTED FOR TRUMP 1
You forgot the 1
Don't forget homophobe too! 1
oh yeah because our government is totally supply side 1
Doesn't matter how many they have if I shoot first. 1
why not make tax optional too? 1
Solution: work at a temp agency. 1
But at least nobody snorted a xanax! 1
We caught the Boston Bomber guys! 1
I wonder who DWS wants to win the nomination though? 1
Get your fucking truth out of here. 1
Misogynist! 1
She probably thinks HRC stands for Hillary (is) Right Campaign! 1
Yeah but he's really lost the minority vote 1
"I'm SO glad the the Iraq war only took slightly more than a month before it was all over and our fearless leader could declare ""Mission Accomplished!""" 1
You forgot the 1
I thought Republicans like states rights. 1
Well it is clear we are all fucked as Apples sales have gone in the toilet and no big corporation can sell their unnecessary wares today One only needs to look at the fortune 500 to see none of them are making profit and no one is buying all their stuff 1
I know! 1
Because his actions have never been seen or falsely portrayed as a dictator on all networks? 1
I would hate to see a repeat of Bill's peace and prosperity. 1
You dropped the 1
Oh well that settles it then. 1
Yes and the ER coverage for people who don't have an ER event 1
And the driver should sue his wife for causing his depression. 1
He's totally playing 16 D chess while the judges are playing tic tac toe. 1
Yeah that's going to happen. 1
Because the economy is a zero sum game. 1
I'm sure *this* will sink Hillary 1
he's a businessman! 1
Conway was sure right about Rand Paul repealing the CRA and ADA though huh? 1
That's why the wealthy love him. 1
Clearly he is just trying to round them all up in one place until the wall is finished 1
Plenty of positions opening up at the local yacht dealership. 1
Muh Feels! 1
Don't forget he hurts my feelings too! 1
Corruption is banal af. 1
Both parties are the same so stay home an don't vote. 1
They did a great job at doing that at the Republican debates 1
If only there was a way for people from different parts of the country to speak to one another in real time. 1
Exactly and just look at our country and how terrible it is that's all those socialist policies fault! 1
How dare someone have an opinion about other peoples' best interests! 1
Because American culture and history is for whites only! 1
"Um no I believe she's ""a progressive who likes to get things done.""" 1
Maybe they just want you to *think* they're incompetent so they can pull off something major every few decades. 1
It's a good thing we have such a trustworthy upstanding citizen as an alternative. 1
Because she's a demon and the spawn of Satan. 1
you're right we should let our enemies pick our leaders 1
is evil 1
... 1
You forgot your 1
Well Nader did help us get eight years of W. So he has a great record to boast of. 1
Solid counterpoint 1
Yeah man I guess majority of Americans are lazy and don't want to vote 1
Merit = Misogony 1
Because it was so peaceful before guns. 1
You dropped this 1
How **dare** she allow students the opportunity to participate in the free capital market? 1
How are we supposed to keep undesirables from voting if they're just... Automatically allowed to do so from the start? 1
sigh shoulda added 1
Who saw *that* coming? 1
It's cuz of our freedoms isn't it? 1
Shhh don't question it! 1
It was a Glock AR-15 1
How else would you know *which* crime is a problem? 1
But he's a socialiat. 1
He forgot the 1
Another bold broadside by the imminent leader Ted Cruz. 1
You forgot the 1
He's really popular with the intellectuals here in America as well. 1
We need to cut taxes so everyone can get a job. 1
Clearly these numbers are rigged! 1
Yeah fuck cnn for not seeing Bernie as a moderate 1
She was voting her conscience 1
"a ""pragmatic"" one" 1
states that have large white populations are obviously not as representative as South Carolina and it's 55% African-American electorate in Dem primaries. 1
We should take the money back! 1
But they *earned* those bonuses! 1
Yeah it takes a lot of balls to support the president. 1
You dropped this: 1
Yeah he is such a straight shooter 1
Obviously he's going to get rid of all the bad people before they do anything bad 1
If you're suggesting she's advocating a cost-recovery model based on collusion with big pharma that could never happen bud 1
Everyone knows Hitler went out of his way to never offend anybody 1
In fact he married six or seven of them. 1
So terrible that all these elitists can gang up on her. 1
Lets make America great again! 1
This isn't r/liberatarian please delete thing. 1
That's racist! 1
FDR hid that he used a wheelchair. 1
Another foreigner trying to influence American elections. 1
I'm just assuming you forget the 1
The magic of supply and demand and the free market will fix things in a jiffy! 1
Literally no difference! 1
Because it IS 1
I can only assume he meant 1
No it's all just a Republican smear campaign. 1
Thier CEOs were more than welcome to run for president. 1
Wow such racism. 1
Remember... It's the corrupt establishment that folks are punishing. 1
But it's my fault they picked a worthless major 1
There would be less shootings if everyone carried around automatic assault weapons per Trump's gun plan *amirite* 1
I should have the right to use morphine on my own body without the government's invovlement 1
All those jobs from the TPP are going to benefit from this! 1
Maybe we can get Congress to approve a Keystone XXL pipeline for water. 1
But that would be socialist and unamerican. 1
**Islamo**commufascist. 1
But someone on food stamps took a bong rip so its totally justified now. 1
I want to hear the candidates opinions on all local crime stories! 1
And what the constitution says apparently... 1
forgot your 1
Please don't get in the way of the rampant Hillary hate train with your silly facts. 1
You mean there's a difference between socialism and communism? 1
Yes like that other guy named Bush was the best president we ever had! 1
Look we care about what Pennsylvanians say more than what we care about Californians say 1
But racism ended in 1964 1
Sounds like a balanced opinion 1
Clearly if you raise the marginal tax rate by 2% nobody will try to be rich anymore and capitalism will fail. 1
Hillary wasn't impeded enough! 1
showing trump just how wrong he is about them being violent! 1
Campaign of insults! 1
But it isn't FAIR! 1
I guess they shouldn't have been driving around in a truck that looks nothing like the fugitive's. 1
Well but regulations can't stop *every* accident so why have any regulations at all? 1
meh....all the same 1
Education is a liberal agenda 1
Yeah- 1
b-but...but...but...Trump is the real fascist though! 1
Surely going further left will bring back rust belt working class voters. 1
Twist: There are only 8 black congressional caucus members. 1
Fox news has sold out and now is just a bunch of RINOs. 1
Just don't get sick and you'll have a fair deal then! 1
But I heard if I just tell the bully why he's wrong he'll stop bullying me 1
if we cut our spending how can we stop ISIS? 1
Since all police officers are outstanding members of society it must be much lower. 1
So that's like what 5 Americans? 1
Yeah because single has never been proven to work at all in any part of the world 1
Because gay marriage is a wedge issue and these calls for violence are purely rhetorical. 1
But it is ok... The government is doing it. 1
Soooooo.....the laws are working? 1
But she can't coordinate with the superpac. 1
Science can't explain things like the tides! 1
Because Isis had nothing to do with inspiring the attack. 1
Well obviously it makes him the best person to change it. 1
That would sure shut those teabaggers up. 1
Good thing Trump is approaching the press so much differently! 1
So very Christian of them. 1
Because forcing people to vote for a giant douche or a turd sandwich is fair. 1
But corporations are people too 1
wasn't sure... usually sarcasm is marked with a 1
But they have the lowest prices! 1
This should help Trump with moderates. 1
You had to google it to find out Buzzfeed is trash? 1
But guys... I thought democrats and republicans were practically the same thing! 1
So where do I sign up for my free white guy affirmative action stuff? 1
There's *another* Portland? 1
What a leader 1
Only the liberal media who act like political motivated spree killing is news worthy. 1
Yeah but Sean Hannity doesn't and that's what really matters. 1
Your account seems like a trustworthy one... 1
Because everyone knows you create jobs by demonizing the people that make them. 1
Yeah that should have gone with something more reputable like the weekly standard or the washington times 1
maybe us and Russia are just trading gay people? 1
Facts are racist. 1
Y'all gotta problem with that? 1
SCAB! 1
So if trump wins and he fucks it all to shit we won't let oompa loompas run for president anymore? 1
It is so nice to see direct representation at work. 1
Wait he's not running? 1
No one was in line because of Voter Suppression! 1
She's probably a big sharks fan too 1
Very reasonable and logical thanks for adding this to the discussion. 1
I'm sure those Hillary supporters are feeling warm and cozy they could help out the struggling Clinton's. 1
Using words like retard really helps to show your compassion and understanding for others. 1
The LAPD has never treated crime as a race thing! 1
I wonder if that is the 30% of Americans that Paul Ryan says don't believe in the American dream. 1
Thank you MADD 1
Yes because with only 2 candidates it's totally not a circus. 1
He promises that nothing in those secret briefings will go over his head - his reflexes are much too quick. 1
But Brownbackistan is such a free market paradise that capital flows from every faucet and everyone is crapping out gold! 1
That body double was super well versed in the issues. 1
They'd be alive if they'd been more bootstrappy. 1
Because both sides are exactly the same. 1
Corporations wouldn't cynically manipulate public perception for their own financial gain like that! 1
And if he wasn't sloppy the DNC could never call up their lackeys in the MSM and cook up some stories ... So it really is all his fault. 1
But Trump won the Nevada primary by a lot! 1
It's just Trump making America great again. 1
Carson: The black guy my preacher said we were allowed to vote for! 1
It seems like the next logical step.... 1
Yes because they did such a good job up here! 1
Because everything else henous she has done in politics is fiction. 1
But his Facebook posts make us laugh! 1
you cant prove clinton is corrupt! 1
But NC residents were born that way. 1
I'm certain you wouldn't be whining about Clinton not following standard IT security protocols if she hadn't properly wiped her HDDs and destroyed her mobile devices before disposal. 1
***TRUE*** 1
He also eats small children! 1
"What you don't like the ""Jesus is Lord"" bus bench ads?" 1
That's 2 things too many! 1
Because r/politics says so.. 1
Everyone knows there's no amendment before the second amendment! 1
something something Barrack Hussein Obammer something one of 'em Islams something 9/11 something something one of them something 1
Also the parts of the Bible we say count! 1
Both parties are the same anyway. 1
Forgot your 1
Good to see we at least know what liberal means. 1
Fox News is conspiring with the DNC! 1
WOW WHAT A FUCKING SURPRISE SURE WAS A GOOD IDEA TO ELECT HIM AS PRESIDENT 1
White people dont know what it's like to be poor though! 1
But I thought those photo ID laws were supposed to protect us 1
# Palin for Vice President! 1
Yeah but she didn't know it was wrong. 1
I never realized that about the 1st amendment. 1
I hope you forgot the 1
Figured it would be funnier without a 1
Literally Hitler 1
It conflicts with their employment contracts with Koch Industries. 1
House arrest and no shoes for you! 1
I dropped my 1
Strict no shirt policy in caucauses from here on out. 1
Yeah fuck democracy when I'm not the majority! 1
So it's a draw! 1
Yeah because young disabled people don't exist...or matter. 1
Pocket thefts are of course the only type of crime that are being commited.... 1
It's almost like he didn't want to use a 1
Better buy some bitcoin 1
please add 1
But heroin's really cheap now. 1
I'm sure the politicians won't have any problem turning down more money when they realize the people want them to. 1
you forgot your 1
Yes he is truly so corrupt and not fighting for the people... 1
Republican's immediately attacked President Obama for his egregious abuse of the First Amendment. 1
Well maybe if he wasn't so negative. 1
That's EXACTLY what a shill would say! 1
I'm offended that you are offended at your offensiveness. 1
She sounds like a leader to me! 1
Thanks Donald! 1
mario's just a greedy prick. 1
When did Jesus say that? 1
And if anyone knows a sociopath when he sees one it is a Wall Street CEO. 1
Yeah because the government is doing such a wonderful job with the VA lets just let them take over the rest of the health care industy! 1
Drain that swamp! 1
But there are all those Federal laws put in place by Obama and his *cronies* that are taking money from the hard working people of Kansas. 1
He's going to start acting more presidential for the general election any day now! 1
It's cool when Democrats do it. 1
Great ground game 1
Biggest mistake America ever made was getting rid of those literacy tests and giving darkies the right to vote 1
I feel safer already. 1
But I thought people choose to be gay? 1
But what about the commies? 1
Clearly they were weighted coins provided by the big banks 1
No one could have predicted that 1
Lets hope he can some day reach the level of respect as the previous administration 1
Because that has anything to do with anything. 1
Everyone in Nevada must be an establishment shill then. 1
"""Share and like this link on face book to support change for the better!""" 1
Why was the moon landing faked?......... 1
Get rid of minimum wage and worker protections and we could have low cost Chinese style manufacturing sweatshops in America. 1
solid logic. 1
The victim is society 1
LOL SIGN MY WHITE HAUS PETITION U GUISE 1
Notice how quickly democrats added ranked voting to their party platform 1
being born in Scotland with a name like Donald Trump? 1
I think it's her arms. 1
Making a long corrupt Texas agency even more corrupt is something of an achievement in this state. 1
But folks like Putin will treat him fairly and not be bias at all 1
The best way to change something is to do nothing 1
Everyone knows that you got to go after their families. 1
Apparently we're supposed to be pro-Palestine because Israel is literally apartheid South Africa. 1
Just like they did when Dick Cheney was running things. 1
And it's clearly the Womens fault too 1
In America we rape our own women and children god damn it. 1
Thanks for enlightening us all. 1
Why not just set it up through Xbox Kinect? 1
Jerry Brown is obviously a shill and a DINO 1
Yeah cause Syria was such great work 1
I think you forgot this 1
Hillary Clinton is basically Dick Cheney in a pantsuit. 1
You forgot the 1
It was pleasant to peer into the comments in the article 1
I for one can't wait to hear the concession speech. 1
Sounds like we need more guns 1
Who has Parkinsons AIDS which she'll die of this week. 1
educate yourself 1
Nah bro everyone who isn't a liberal is a complete fascist! 1
We would have attacked ISIL where it hurt them most: IRAN! 1
This guys was elected cause he smart. 1
Yes that's why the yields on US bonds are skyrocketing. 1
Didn't Obama start the war in Iraq? 1
Kenya FTFA. 1
I'm sure this would have been scheduled if Sanders wasn't leading in both states. 1
Female snape you sexist! 1
But he says he's doing it for the middle class and he wouldn't lie to us because he isn't a politicain 1
All the taxes are just given away to the 47% of takers in the form of government handouts. 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
But he literally said every Mexican was a rapist! 1
And what a huge difference that would've made. 1
You can't take away Americans right to shop by giving everyone the time to vote 1
I'm sure Fox covered it thoroughly. 1
Calling them nut bags proves they're right. 1
You don't think water can remember what it has touched if you shake it right? 1
But America is the only country that matters! 1
Im sure it must be a shock to republicans to find out their candidate is pro oil! 1
Gotta have some hard evidence to back up a claim like that. 1
Liberals do frequently vote to cut programs to help the disenfranchised 1
"Seems like another ""we the people"" thing might do the trick" 1
What a Populist! 1
They can't hire enough firemen because minimum wage is too high 1
CNN telling you what to do and think... definitely not fake news 1
It's okay for the GOP because they have Jesus on their side and Jesus forgives you as long as you're a Christian Republican. 1
But she feels like a criminal 1
Good job not missing the point 1
How does Obama even have time to do this when he is bowing down to Mecca five times a day? 1
My American friends are loving this. 1
And that's why David Duke was never heard from again! 1
"Yeah we need someone in ""touch"" like hillary." 1
How *dare* a company fire many employees for collectively being unwilling to work. 1
Totally the same thing.. 1
Great now all the gangs will be shooting people. 1
Thanks Obama 1
Maybe we should shut down the government again! 1
Very Republican of him. 1
because the average voter knows about corporate tax laws 1
I get it now it's sooo obvious obama = hitler WOW 1
No! 1
personally i dont think anyone should be held accountable for their actions 1
But Hillary! 1
That will certainly help them in elections. 1
you missed the 1
Just because you came here ~~il~~legally doesn't mean you should get to stay. 1
Do you have any facts to back this up the claim that Bernie Sanders is promising to make big changes? 1
Politifact says: Mostly true. 1
That explains the $3.5 billion that lobbyists spend buying legislation every year. 1
Well if Wyoming is any indication of how the delegate system works they should end up splitting the state equally! 1
That would be the smart thing to do... 1
You forgot the 1
Yeah but then the military industrial complex wouldnt make money. 1
DUDE RESTLESS LEGS SYNDROME IS A SERIOUS FUCKING CONDITION I CAN'T EVEN ENJOY MY BEDTIME COFFEE UNLESS I TAKE THIS PILL! 1
Be sure to use Texas school textbooks to do that. 1
But... states rights! 1
Noooo it was the Russians 1
Great things are happening in God's chosen land. 1
Hillary 2020 1
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO TELL PEOPLE THEY HAVE TO WORK FOR MONEY! 1
This is good for ~~bitcoin~~ the GOP. 1
Everyone is 100% certain that no sitting President would use his wiretapping powers to guarantee his reelection. 1
She would if only Sanders would stop spoiling the race! 1
Wow such a profound statement. 1
Well at least Romney will get the 1% Indian vote if he picks Haley. 1
Make Alcohol Illegal U.S productivity will sky rocket!. 1
IT TELLS ME THAT WE SHOULD BE NICER TO THE TERRORISTS! 1
You forgot the 1
Buy guns before obama takes them all away. 1
You forgot the 1
Can an openly gay person run for president in the GOP now? 1
I mean it's cool it's not like the job will ever put him in a position like that so he's probably fine to be president once he gets over the toughest part of the job which is having to hear mean things said to him by Hillary. 1
That's what you pot smoking hippies get 1
Oh that's why tons of people in America don't use the Bible or that scripture to deny rights to homosexuals right? 1
Idk.. but wouldn't it be nice 1
He has all the documents! 1
Wow what a scathing piece. 1
For real anything not on the east coast might as well be a community college 1
There wouldn't be attacks since Bush planned it all. 1
But how do we know those aren't forged? 1
He wins every fraudulent elections ever. 1
Didn't see that one coming 10 years ago 1
It's almost as if he used to fucking work for them and has a bias. 1
You forgot the 1
Nah bro he was totes talking about Republicans DAE Democrats = best leftists! 1
Maybe her original AWB wasn't a total failure..... When was the last time someone was assaulted with a mounted bayonet? 1
But corporate taxes are too damn high! 1
Now there are going to be even more toddlers with access to guns... 1
I think that needs more color. 1
Heil Hitler 1
what a hero fighting the great fight against the evil IRS 1
Then clearly he needed to die! 1
I too hope for the deportation of all who oppose me 1
Yes he was a mere victim 1
But don't worry this will never happen if we go back to the gold standard for our money! 1
Why does that sound familiar? 1
There is just absolutely no foreseeable solution to these minor obstacles. 1
But she said there would be no more shoes to drop from the FBI. 1
you just want to get cops killed! 1
It'll be less than 90% What more do you need? 1
But war means money. 1
But they were separated! 1
SURPRISE SURPRISE 1
Yeah it totally doesn't have anything to do with his policies 1
Executive action? 1
In an election which Bernie surely would have won. 1
Because that's who Bernie is like. 1
But no that's Obama's fault because he was innoffice when it stated getting bad! 1
Yes i'm sure this FBI investigation is going to find something just like the other two did 1
"""But what if someone breaks the glass in a nonemergency next time?""" 1
You forgot the 1
Yes government will keep the cost under control. 1
Because *policy* is what has been the focus of discussion this election... 1
"Obama's ""well thought out and realistic plan"" was to approve the TPP." 1
"You're forgetting that ""data"" is an elitist conspiracy." 1
Oh I'm so glad you decided to contribute. 1
Let's keep committing crimes to make sure oil keeps getting spilled out of rail cars and trucks! 1
Yeah that dirty LGBT money 1
but those states wanted to because they're racist...Cali has a legit complaint. 1
Thank you so much for informing me of the limited scope of my options when it comes to supporting candidates and voting. 1
And nuclear waste and nuclear weapons ... The states can handle all that 1
Because Clinton just has an army of faceless agents who can murder US citizens at will. 1
Well you can't honestly believe that any of that is corruption! 1
I did NOT see that coming 1
Racism ended when we elected a black president... 1
the quality of posting is strong in this one 1
Because everything the media says is the truth 1
Come on there is no way a black Kenyan Socialist could out do a corporate spokesman like Regan 1
How dare you! 1
It was ok to be poor as long as you were white you were ok 1
Well black unemployment is much much higher under President Obama than it was under slavery. 1
A small price to pay for Freedom (TM). 1
"""Get them out"" and ""I'll work with them"" aren't even that different" 1
A noble lose in the name of freedoooooom. 1
Champion of the people 1
Im sure these two misunderstood choir boys were just moments from turning their lives around. 1
Boooooo democracy! 1
Because Zimmerman clearly is a good character witness... 1
But hey at least we know his testosterone level. 1
What a right wing rag 1
Because taking away the cops make the streets much safer! 1
Should have learned from what happened to Malcolm Tucker and covered the binder! 1
Yeah duh... obviously the fact that sow is gendered means they are attacking her sex 1
sounds like a good excuse for more GOP tax cuts! 1
Thanks goodness Obama only wants to increase Military Spending by $2.05 Trillion. 1
"Because only the ""right wing"" has crazies and biased media." 1
That just means the rigging is worse than we thought! 1
OH that's a reliable news site. 1
Isn't Iraq the name of the desert between Utah and California ? 1
Thanks for the fine lecture. 1
Yeah....we are all a bunch of talentless corn bread eating toothless morons down here.... 1
I have no idea why they were fired for sending that. 1
Yes free trade does nothing to reduce unions bargaining power. 1
I expect conservative pundits/talkers will say that Trump owns the economy now. 1
Whether it is a chinese conspiracy or a progressive conspiracy or actual science or proven fact... 1
Because Blackwater worked so well in Iraq 1
Which would be the Native Americans... Of course those people don't count obviously. 1
Like the ones in bosnia! 1
Insightful. 1
THAT IS JUST ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE! 1
"""banished based on secret evidence which she is unable to view"" We should also trust the government with our guns." 1
When the ballot has a volcano section then we'll talk 1
You forgot this 1
Oh shit someone got **TRIGGERED** 1
I'm glad he was on the Democratic platform committee then. 1
What he actually he said was that he would use campaign money to fund himself. 1
You're one of the good minorities. 1
nope it's all in your head 1
That's a pretty big endorsement but it's no Killer Mike. 1
Thats why we keep them out in East Rutherford 1
Certainly there's nothing wrong with the party of family values breaking up families they don't like 1
Yeah let's give it to the guy who thinks all Muslims are a threat to our country! 1
To be fair the border patrol man has first hand experience that the people crossing the Mexican border are rapists and drug dealers because the rape went down during his drug deal. 1
As seen on the Republican side. 1
Why waste this super heavyweight conservative's writing talents on ridiculous talking point nonsense. 1
But he got out of bankruptcy four times so he must be smart! 1
He hasn't even started on her yet. 1
It just means they're good christians who believe in putting America first. 1
It's almost as if logic means nothing to Donnie. 1
Yeah I'm sure that's the only reason... 1
Riiiiight because a Liberal campaign run the correct way couldn't possibly win. 1
Take the entire Middle East with eminent domain and make a Trump Hotel and Casino! 1
Yeah but that was really just more of a suggestion back then. 1
If by fair you mean that healthy people pay more while sick people get more then yes this is 100% fair. 1
Yep this one thing out of all the other things. 1
I only listen to the weather channel when it tells me my weather forecast 1
It almost sounds like they are accusing the CIA of being less-than-forthright about their methods... I find this hard to believe 1
Obviously he committed suicide... 1
Misleading title because OH and PA have no black people. 1
I am sure the DNC network infrastructure will turn out to be controversial. 1
Pretty sure the above post is 1
sexist 1
Buuut criminals=poor=democrats 1
So you're saying that praying actually healed the boy? 1
And he shutdown and had to be reprogrammed. 1
hopefully you dropped a 1
Can't stump the Trump! 1
Well it was okay to gun him down then! 1
Nice to see the Randroids coming out in force. 1
The supreme court said racism was over.. I knew they were right! 1
Deregulate lemonade stands! 1
These patriotic insiders selected HRC and sabotaged Bernie's campaign to save the middle class from a socialist Jew. 1
Isn't egypt full of towel heads? 1
YAY for voting against Obama instead of FOR the people. 1
Thats the plan then people will stop protesting 1
Don't you know he hasn't gotten any votes at all? 1
Don't you know that Hillary Clinton is the Antichrist? 1
Right just how we did after 2000 right? 1
Are you saying I should stop watching the debates? 1
That's the free market right... If they don't like it they can just move. 1
But the poor cops are under *so much stress*! 1
I think it's awesome that there are berniebros who say they will vote for Trump if Bernie loses the primary. 1
That's just him tellin it like it is! 1
"But he's the ""world's most renowned intellectual""" 1
I think you mean the devil herself. 1
That's what happens when you teach that pro intellectually biased liberal curriculum 1
yeah lets underpay people even more 1
Hillary should do the honorable thing and step aside so Bernie can be the nominee. 1
facts have no place in the United states of social justice! 1
But it wasn't her! 1
if you got enough money to join an elite group like frats and sororities you shouldn't have to worry about getting in trouble for underage drinking and sexual assault right? 1
You forgot the 1
-Athletes -Hollywood Celebrities -Silicon Valley -New York City -Academics All areas overrun with Republicans 1
But Yahweh isn't god you commie. 1
Obviously we need to start grassroot campaigns to get out the dead voters for midterms. 1
You dropped this 1
The FBI is going to be pleased with her when she wins the Presidency 1
But can't she sell out and support and Trump? 1
Because we did such a good job in Iraq and Afghanistan. 1
if that title doesn't win over people to your side of thinking i dont know what will 1
Housekeeping isn't a race! 1
With premiums like that lets just let it heal 1
You aren't seeing the clear picture here: Hillary lied and that is a worse offense than a million deaths. 1
I'm sure their opinions on fracking are completely unrelated to their opinions on fracking policy... 1
So what your saying is that you think he is being paid to vote a certain way. 1
Probably liberal volcanoes trying to help demon-crats stop good old 'Murikan industry from polluting. 1
I think you forgot your 1
We can't afford to pay workers enough to pay us. 1
Fuck that ROCK THE VOTE! 1
Noooooooooo 1
Money is speech and praying is speech.. Get with it. 1
Or because he's a socialist puppy-kicking muslim from kenya trying to bankrupt America with his regulatory practices and free healthcare for anchor babies 1
As for shilary of course there isn't any emails showing she was actively involved in rigging the primary 1
Well he is a Muslim. 1
Probably the best super delegates that her money can buy... 1
But imagine what would happen to the Party! 1
this comment does not have any sarcasm 1
Obviously as a play gun for the children! 1
Hail Cascadia 1
It's nice to see completely unbiased articles 1
When you can't say something nice ..... 1
Clearly people in Buffalo are worth a lot less than people in Toronto. 1
Your employees should be thankful for a job! 1
But he's white and Republican so he's not the problem. 1
Best Fundraiser Ad fodder EVAR! 1
they are like the moon landing then? 1
But what you feel is what determines truth from fiction 1
Well they *are* the ones who have the guns. 1
Maybe they don't want to be hunted down by the Ministry of Truth. 1
CIA. 1
I'm hoping you just forgot your 1
psst your not supposed to mention rwanda that policy failure was a clinton failure remember how dare you post something that can be related to clintons in a negative light in r/politics... 1
Yeah everyone knows NBC is in bed with bernie 1
nice John Birch Narrative. 1
It was underpriced before! 1
But it doesn't count because its not political! 1
My favorite thing he did was do nothing to stop the NSA and other government agencies from completely dismantling our 4th amendment rights. 1
that sounds racist 1
He could win California with 90% of the vote? 1
And I'm sure no future major donors to Trump are in those papers whatsoever. 1
Feels over Reals! 1
That's nothing compared to what damage to America ACORN was causing! 1
And what she meant to say was .......? 1
But that would just be the status quo which is not what Hillary is. 1
Now your talking. 1
Reality - I reject it. 1
The FEC rules are just a right-wing conspiracy. 1
#drain the swamp 1
No it is his wife so it is all ok 1
Deleting emails and wiping them in a fashion never allowing them to be recovered was clearly not obstructing justice 1
That will in no way hurt poor people. 1
This will surely curb criminals from purchasing guns from the black market. 1
gd baby boomers 1
Right... Because mass domestic servailamce and indefinite detention without a trial is soooo constitutional 1
You're just a victim of the liberal media. 1
*'Putin's close friend'*; Now there is a source demanding of the front page. 1
Yeah I mean if people don't like what a party is about you'd think they'd leave or something and go to one that aligns with their views better. 1
Republicans didn't like Obama because he was black. 1
Wait you mean this guy is just wanting attention? 1
You forgot the 1
Im going to need a source signed by a notary and your local pornography expert. 1
Stop correcting the record! 1
forgot the 1
Swat was just trying to provide them with an additional dose of freedom 1
But he's not a woman! 1
Because a president the republicans hate is exactly what this nation needs to break the gridlock in DC. 1
THIS KIND OF ATTITUDE IS WHY TRUMP WON! 1
The Mainstream Media? 1
Why do you want to punish success? 1
You're not rich or else you would understand. 1
Yeah 'cause private business never use friends and connections in industry to gain an unfair competitive advantage. 1
But outsourcing is supposed to save so much money and boost the economy! 1
Well I feel better. 1
Its Warren time you sexist pig! 1
Where's your moral compass? 1
Because McCain and Romney would have been so much better. 1
I was told that I would never achieve the rank of Eagle Scout because I did not attend church.... that was a long time ago; I do not think they had invented gay people back then. 1
Bannon is really a temporizing influence 1
At least there are fewer low paying jobs now.... 1
That makes him a genius for continuing to take advantage of those opportunities. 1
That sounds fine to me; Just send your kids to private school. 1
You forgot your 1
Boy I sure am glad that government can regulate private contracts with insurance companies to prevent evil against the children 1
They were RIGHT! 1
I guess this thing really is rigged... 1
Being crooked! 1
The only history that matters is the one in the Bible! 1
"""But that just means he's *smart*!""" 1
Because all Obamacare applicants will be online &amp; computer literate. 1
He needed those explosives and guns to protect himself from a tyrannical goobermint that restricts his free speech. 1
Sounds like a true patriot. 1
Us New Yorkers know what's best for those dumb people in the Midwest! 1
You sure showed him. 1
More like death to Obamacare but let's keep that ACA thing! 1
Please tell me you forgot the 1
I think you dropped this 1
They obviously meant that Obama was fighting against America with his Muslim brothers and killed Khan for being a traitor! 1
Yeah he definitely got creamed in both states! 1
No one has better hair than The Donald 1
Yeezy2020 1
Oh good thing they represent the people... 1
Yes because only Reddit hates Hillary. 1
#vaginaeleven 1
Wait... but HOW would people would be rewarded for their hard work if everyone is just a simple worker? 1
We should give them all medals for being so restrained 1
I notice you didn't mention if you are graduating or not. 1
Because she's a woman you misogynistic pig! 1
Suuuuuuure he is. 1
But they gerrymandered the senate! 1
I think it was the advice on how to get away with killing 'urban youths' that was the most useful there. 1
Obviously Clinton 1
I totally believe that. 1
It was a bank robbery. 1
ya... I'm sure The Donald's damning tax returns would have made a difference. 1
No you obviously didn't grow up there because you are white 1
I didn't see that coming 1
Yeah we were better off in a recession with gay people and workers having less rights and poor people having no healthcare. 1
And that's why liberals are the real racists 1
But she had her own stenographer 1
I find it reassuring that you know how other people feel and think better than they themselves do. 1
Trump is letting us say Merry Christmas again! 1
From Canada: Can confirm we are heavily censored 1
Nah he's a Muslim. 1
You forgot the 1
Dont you know only that Muslims can be terrorists? 1
'People will die' with Obamacare. 1
What do you think politics is? 1
Weird I would think they would side with the banks 1
Slavs don't count dummy. 1
Its a good thing that progressives would never prejudge anyone or generalize in a bigoted manner like those evil conservatives. 1
Trump 2016! 1
Trump has small fingers so he can only do small tricks. 1
That's because those people will be rich one day! 1
thank you for actually reading the article 1
But It was her turn! 1
He was such an incredible diplomat during his time at the U.N. 1
If only minorities could be as enlightened as white college kids... 1
I forgot to close sarc 1
But it's at the same time. 1
Butchered like a cow? 1
ITT: People who have intimate knowledge of Clinton's plans to deregulate Wall Street and appoint only the greasiest of Goldman Sachs execs to governmental positions. 1
I am both shocked and saddened by this unpredictable turn of events. 1
It's not raciest if you're privileged. 1
US protectionism + UK possibly leaving the EU single market + slowdown in Chinese economy = things are looking great for the global economy. 1
Because socialism 1
The pivot is working! 1
Only if you lack *true* faith. 1
How will we ever win the war on drugs doing that? 1
"UM how else do you expect ""progress"" to happen?" 1
Because Obama is a Kenyan born muslim that is secretly working for ISIS and China. 1
do i really need to put 1
# #Hillary2016 1
Why focus on actual issues when we can call someone a sexist? 1
Which is why the highly taxed 1950s was such a slow period of growth for the United States. 1
No it was definitely the Russians! 1
What a surprise! 1
Because teens won't think about having sex if you don't tell them about it. 1
I'm sure Apple would immediately move their headquarters out of the US if they were made to pay their taxes. 1
And there totally was a basement at that pizza joint. 1
Because ... its patriotic. 1
"Better stop with all that ""facts"" ""evidence"" and ""logic"" talk boy!" 1
....shocking.......... 1
Bachman? 1
You forgot 1
Billions of dollars worth of free ad time for Trump Ignoring Sanders Fucking media What happened? 1
Must be a super-predditor 1
you must not have heard about the bonuses... 1
this changes *everything* 1
Silly millennial 1
You forgot the 1
Because that's been happening so much 1
Actually I've heard white people receive the brunt of racism nowadays 1
Do I smell a new Scandal? 1
Only if they're wearing their badge... 1
There is not going to be extension and over-reach you paranoid liberal. 1
Another weak Democrat 1
No you're supposed to feel bad for people who made terrible financial decisions with college and help bail them out 1
This completely undercuts all the good he's doing for the country. 1
Mike Pence is rigged against Trump! 1
They're just fighting AIDS ya know 1
Yeah how dare he be black! 1
From the number of times I have read about fines and settlements reached - monetary punitive measures really seem to be fucking working. 1
Exactly what we are seeing in Colorado! 1
i hope this is 1
Plot twist: Bernie's campaign keeps 99% of the money Lucy raised 1
B-b-but the CORPORATE TAX RATE! 1
That was sexist 1
FIFY 1
"""Party of personal responsibility""" 1
Did you even consider that maybe an informed public has the *right* to choose to get cancer? 1
"Because Obama's ""Wal-Mart Death Camps"" and secret police force were thwarted by these brave AMERICAN patriots!" 1
Since when do we throw peaceful protestors in jail? 1
There's a lot of smoke but no fire 1
She sounds like a great person 1
Yes Obama is doing so well for civil liberties and equality 1
Viva Pacifica! 1
Gee ... Thanks...sorry for speaking English instead of 'Merican 1
Bernie could have been our glorious leader if it weren't for that damned democratic process! 1
Yes please DNC Democrats give us another Hillary that's what we need! 1
Some signed the petition early and often! 1
That just what Obama wants you to believe..... 1
Strong women don't get pussy grabbed 1
I guess that's all it will take to get around the wall? 1
"He is showing us how easy it is to be ""Presidential""" 1
Yes I'm sure one of the most popular sites on the internet has nothing to do with influencing people's opinions and thus their vote and thus real world politics. 1
thats just the liberal lamestream media trying to fool you... the only people attacking the constitution are the Jews! 1
Giving massive coastal cities complete dominion over the electoral process is *true* enfranchisement! 1
*mind blown* THERES NO WAY IT COULD BE THAT EASY! 1
Well that possibly can't be - Obama is the poor persons president and rich people don't support or influence his decision making! 1
Is this the latest GOP minority outreach program? 1
Why would the Supreme Court have a problem with an ex posto facto bill of attainder? 1
It was a small loan. 1
Central planning creates inequality and corruption so more central planning should fix it. 1
Obama cut it in half! 1
But I thought the debt going up was because poor people are demanding more things like food and water...Damn poors with their SNAPs 1
Forgot the 1
are you being sarcastic? 1
Good thing the governor has security clearance for classified intelligence 1
you forgot the 1
I don't think Fahrenthold has anything bad in his taxes! 1
Both sides do it... so why not vote Republican? 1
Alex Jones' record of predictions is impeccable 1
HRC: Girls just do what their man tells them. 1
Truly Shocked 1
Stein/Bernie 2016 1
SHUT UP NO ONE WANTS TO TAKE YOUR GUNS! 1
by voting him into the whitehouse 1
You left out the 1
But but but Clinton's penis! 1
Why can't he be both? 1
The tea party would call him a CINO (Catholic In Name Only) 1
how dare you you racist mexican hating cis hetero male! 1
It's a good thing these people represent all Hispanics in America. 1
BUT ISIS IS LITERALLY GOING TO KILL US ALL IF WE DONT SPEND AT LEAST 700 BILLION A YEAR ON BOMBS! 1
No it isn't possible you shill hack sexist that feeds into the oligarchs plan! 1
I'm sure it will work *next* time. 1
Well the only way you could oppose the president is if you're on drugs obviously. 1
A group of people doing something that the law specifically allows... Clearly we need to stop them 1
Anderson Cooper for president 1
Nancy made leaps and bounds with the Just Say NO campaign 1
Yeah how dare he hold himself to a higher standard than the currupt Mos isley villainy he has to compete with. 1
"You mean ""enhanced interrogation techniques.""" 1
Jokes on you A gentle sir like myself is too smart to care about Foosball 1
But think of how much worse off they would be if they were liberal! 1
Having no process is also a process 1
Are you suggesting that Mitt Romney didn't build his vast fortune himself? 1
I find this thread to be full of anti-Semitism! 1
Good thing we repudiated that policy by voting for Trump! 1
Obviously only the words straight from Don's mouth cause he would never lie. 1
Gotta watch out for those crafty women! 1
Obama is to blame for 9/11. 1
We double dog dare you to lie to us Hillary! 1
Hillary's health is an Alex Jones conspiracy theory! 1
Somewhere they can all be concentrated together perhaps? 1
well if they demanded it...okay! 1
What if every third 5 dollar bill was Tubman? 1
Those bodies on the beaches of Normandy dont count silly 1
But but...I was told this couldn't happen all along 1
Clearly they considered Bernie Sanders the front runner at that time. 1
It's so good we have a political party ready to stand up for the little guy against those fatcat single mothers and public school teachers. 1
But he was anti-abortion! 1
So we'd be better off getting our news from Trump's twitter page? 1
"Trump still has ""cyber sex"" in AOL chat rooms" 1
Chinese hoaxes don't melt icebergs 1
OH WELL THATS PROOF THEN. 1
And 9-11 was an inside job 1
It's great that you were there and know exactly what happened. 1
Solution...Only those along the Mexican border should have guns! 1
Careless is just the kind of adjective I want to attribute to a presidential candidate. 1
The fuck outta here with your reasonable logic you FUCKING RACIST/ 1
Yeah I'm sure the pollsters kept a list of Trump supporters and beat them up. 1
Let's just mark every Muslim with a number or some sort of patch to wear on their clothes... 1
wow must be great for the NBA to have the right to refuse buisness with people they dont like 1
She sounds like the most qualified person in generations to be president. 1
Just make it 1000 dollars an hour this will obviously fix all problems. 1
But killing is more humane! 1
You forgot the 1
Because the Washington Times is a notoriously unbiased site that has absolutely nothing against anything to the left of Rick Santorum. 1
....right that almost the same thing 1
But Nevada was Bernie's death blow! 1
And they have sooooo much to be angry about. 1
Will this occur before or after Mexico builds the wall? 1
SOCIALISM! 1
Wonder why Putin didn't invite Gary Johnson... I mean he is doing better in the polls so wouldn't he love to see Johnson play spoiler as well? 1
If only they just pulled themselves up by their GODDAMN BOOTSTRAPS! 1
I thought he is the devil? 1
Stay classy 1
She enjoyed it! 1
I guess if you say it enough times it must be true! 1
That law is coming with the new GOP congress. 1
So this will bring the price of gas down. 1
She does have the best record of transparency. 1
Because Lena Dunham speaks to and represents an entire generation of young female voters. 1
I am surprised Huffington Post missed this great story 1
Sensationalization in progress: 5-Year-Old Suspended for Hand Gun. 1
If Trump already lost then why go out to vote for Clinton? 1
yeah saying deport illegal immigrants is the same thing as killing 6 million people 1
I agree we should send the country into the dark ages. 1
Yeah and we all know how Unbiased NPR is 1
but crooked hillary 1
By the people that had soooo many options to choose from. 1
Proof that Christians are being persecuted. 1
can't wait to scalia to come up with some reason to justify it and thomas to follow lockstep in his place 1
What a fascinating novelty account. 1
Both parties are the same 1
"Because ""Pragmatism"" is like ""Satanism""" 1
Everybody knows that statistical polling has a liberal bias. 1
yeah republicans destroy everything and democrats are making the world great 1
You find a nonbiased and reasonable source like vox. 1
Brilliant ! 1
It sounds like the homeless needs some lobbyists. 1
I thought it was only terrorism if brown people with a different religion than us were to blame. 1
Huge crackdown on white gun owning farmers after that takeover earlier this year. 1
Are you forgetting about our friend Hussein? 1
What an honorable level of discourse. 1
Watch out how the Trump family will end the DC cronyism 1
To the front page! 1
SJWs are such pussies with their safe spaces but I'm gonna vote for a fascist because they hurt my feelings! 1
That's sexist! 1
She's a woman-- the ultimate draft dodger 1
Nice attempt at correcting a certain record and marginalizing us! 1
Only Trump knows how to close the loopholes that Trump has been exploiting! 1
Forgot the 1
Maybe there's just no more qualified candidates 1
Yes-that is very important! 1
Yeah but Trump said mean things! 1
Haha it's funny because it has the word drone in it. 1
I'm sure nothing will go wrong here. 1
But brown people are scary! 1
He doesn't need to concern himself with public school since the only people that really matter have enough money to put their children in private schools. 1
Unlike our last president who was a model leader and the best president we ever had? 1
(((implying that whites aren't the **real** native americans))) 1
But it would be more fiscally conservative if they just died or killed themselves. 1
Why would that matter when he is funding his own campaign? 1
I am sure that there was nothing unethical about what happened here. 1
It's not activism when you agree with the decision. 1
In her defense she didn't know she was on camera. 1
That's an incredibly entitled viewpoint! 1
You abolish the IRS of course 1
Obama might have been able to stop it if he hadn't been busy with Jade Helm 15 and the takeover of Texassistan. 1
I thought Obama was the first Muslim elected to Congress 1
I bet Glen is a lot of fun at parties. 1
I'm beginning to sense there's a pattern with this Trump guy. 1
Defunding Planned Parenthood and ACORN is going to reduce the debt. 1
Have we thanked him for saving us from Al Gore and putting us under the liberal benevolence of George Bush and Dick Cheney? 1
In mexico you can only own a bolt action rifle legally and look how safe it is there 1
The tech who did the DNA testing died in a suspicious car wreck weeks after completing the test. 1
Don't forget NPR which was a bastion of impartiality over primary season. 1
Yes those hundreds of thousands of Iraqi lives were totally worth it 1
Private parties dawg they can do what they want and it's perfectly fine 1
Shh.. There is no such thing as context unless it is more harmful than the original quote. 1
O rly? 1
Thank goodness that has never happened with a democracy 1
Because Transgendered Leftests are the natural enemy of Planned Parenthood 1
It's only because the Anti-Hillary media will ask her irrelevant questions about the ongoing FBI and State Department investigations. 1
Well now the tail wags to dog... 1
LOL I'm sure he'll tank any day now. 1
YOURE A FUCKING WHITE MALE 1
B-b-but stomping on the flag is an act of love for those who are oppressed! 1
Maybe he could ask Obama to disband it. 1
But what they write just FEELS so right! 1
And this is exactly why I approve of death panels. 1
My attempts to be funny are just not working out very well today... Fuck. 1
well that just can't be true because Gaggamaggot did not and I think s/he can speak for every Texas student... 1
President Romney can breath a sigh of relief. 1
Corruption isn't restricted to the rich and powerful 1
his defining moment 1
Wikileaks (largely staffed by non-US citizens) totally isn't taking sides in the election and trying to influence it. 1
Yes that is a perfect description of conservative legislation over the last 40 years. 1
Americans could have saved the money to buy bullets to kill more Muslim in Middle-East 1
"And ""Xi"" is pronounced ""eleven""." 1
That explains the bloody carnage happening in Colorado right now. 1
Nothing crazy happening in west Texas either 1
How dare you call our election process rigged! 1
Yeah maybe the nice congressmen in the house will sympathize with federal workers lack of pay. 1
Laws about 200 year old weapons are just as relevant and dogmatic today 1
Or serving fat people more pizza to aid their gluttony... 1
'Grab them by the pussy' is just a euphemism for 'taking a woman out to see nice furniture.' 1
BUT THAT ISN'T GOOD ENOUGH! 1
There you go comparing private sector job requirements with public sector 1
you forget the 1
If it is a Republican led committee they will probably congratulate him and ask for contributions for fending off attacks against their guaranteed no price negotiation arrangement via Prescription Plan D. only partially 1
Fox news FTW? 1
Glad to see the Democrats holding this up in exchange for closing some loopholes for the wealthy. 1
But climate science is complete bullshit because you know Jesus. 1
Unless they are walking out and back into the kitchen I don't see how this helps our country. 1
Something something lying/impartial data. 1
I can't wait to see who we pick as our Christine O'Donnell or our Sarah Palin. 1
The perfect time for austerity. 1
"He's the ""Affirmative Action"" president so he's obviously racist" 1
Please trigger warning your hate facts. 1
You mean he consented to be imprisoned under false pretenses? 1
More GREED! 1
tell me again how Hillary has no ideas or policies and the two candidates are exactly the same 1
Twice if you can! 1
I guess too bad for Trump that there's a right to peaceful assembly. 1
Only North Korea is willing to report on the truth! 1
Because ISIS is our biggest threat and will kill us all 1
WHERES YOUR TINFOIL HAT CONSPIRITARD 1
The two republicans you were talking to? 1
What about the political revolution for the democrats? 1
Yeah....I'm real pissed. 1
The ends justify the means! 1
i mean sure hillary's team just released a statement that Russia releasing her e-mails would be a national security threat but im sure the emails contain nothing bad right? 1
Clearly President material. 1
I'm sure if she told Obama to go back to Kenya instead of telling us Jews to go back to Poland she wouldn't be where she is today 1
But doesn't this mean they've all signed up for death panels? 1
"So if this Administration is ""Unlawful"" are you waiting for Obama's 3rd term to start Impeachment proceedings ?" 1
I left off the 1
Because those were Al Gore's votes that Nader unfairly stole because he was a meany poopyface! 1
wrekt 1
No no it can't be because everyone drives but only scary others have guns so clearly that needs more regulations 1
Because public utilities are socialism! 1
Maybe Paul Ryan 1
I'm so glad I got to read about it from such an objective new source... 1
you forgot 1
What a nice system we shouldn't work to change at all. 1
I'm sure those super donors will love *that* 1
Women just love destroying their vaginas so they can pay a few hundred dollars to get an abortion and sell their aborted fetus to a doctor so he can profit off it. 1
Trump won the popular vote if you just exclude the votes for Hillary in California 1
talk about semantics 1
You forgot the 1
I think that you forgot your 1
Hydrogen is flammable bro. 1
I'm sure THIS will end in an indictment! 1
Trump had nothing to do with it. 1
Yes because liberals have never done that with conservatives. 1
Because Jesus was all about big megachurches and insanely wealthy pastors. 1
Well this will surely end his campaign! 1
It's the price we must pay for the truth surrounding Obama's birth that will finally be revealed in March.... 1
He served the country by helping his dad run for office 1
But regulations dictating that companies don't stick taxpayers with the bill for their cleanup are strangling business! 1
**REPEAL THE SECOND AMENDMENT** 1
So typical of Vanity Fair 1
That takes a back seat to kicking the nigger out of the white house. 1
Please tell me you forgot the 1
And lord knows that had real long term impacts on US politics. 1
What a fucking great strategy. 1
Here I thought they meant coming clean on military grade weapons being sold to allies and enemies across the planet. 1
Plus Comey may be of Mexican descent which would prevent him from investigating Clinton without bias. 1
"The classic ""spite"" platform!" 1
Stop smearing third parties you puppet shill 1
ITT: well reasoned and on-topic discussion 1
It the EPA rules were written to collect the fines and costs of clean-ups from ordinary people there would be no need to eliminate it. 1
Europe is exactly how TV and reddit depicts it. 1
Maybe Trump can sue Poland! 1
But we have to get the war memorials and national parks re opened. 1
But these videos of Planned Parenthood donating to medical research! 1
Because a sunburn is *obviously* the worst thing that could come from climate change! 1
You must be a real nice person ^^^ 1
Hillary is Nixon reincarnate 1
"""Omg can we stop with the Bernie posts?""" 1
Forgot a 1
Must be why every reputable economist is lining up to back Trump's plans. 1
Get this GUN-GRABBING LIBERAL out of HERE! 1
But this is one of the many rights that public sector unions have fought and bled and died for! 1
Then Mexico would definitely pay for that wall! 1
"I hope ""the criminals"" don't realize that upgrading to iOS8 means ""the law"" can't touch them." 1
I'm certain wages will rise to offset the increased price of consumer goods 1
You forgot this: 1
This all stopped when Obama was elected. 1
Forget the women and children save the congressmen first. 1
Trump is literally hitler! 1
But the Cold War is over! 1
Religion of peace. 1
He didn't use 1
Too bad he's got an R next to his name otherwise I'd totally agree with him 1
But polls don't matter! 1
"Yeah but at the same time they were all ""rigged"" against him." 1
I feel like they left out the 1
You forgot the 1
Sieg heil! 1
One drop... 1
But the Constitution is replete with references to God! 1
Why isn't anyone complaining that they're taking jobs from Americans? 1
Because exactly the same people are commenting from that time. 1
(((news))) 1
Gi bac ta' schoo' ya damn hippie! 1
But think of the jobs that will be created when it does leak! 1
ITT: 1
Running against Hillary is obviously sexist. 1
I'm sure he'd say the same thing about Chelsea running the Clinton Foundation in he reverse scenario. 1
I too have always been concerned about how the DNS servers will map strings of characters to IP addresses without the first amendment governing them. 1
don't attack the source! 1
No that can't possibly be it. 1
Yes that must indicate truth 1
But Trump's wall is bad. 1
except if you read his haha as 1
Yeah cause democrats have been so on board with ending the drug war 1
But but...that will encourage voter fraud 1
"""I'm God and I approve this message.""" 1
No way dude just print up some new labels and you're done 1
Do you forget this 1
Its just the market dictating wages. 1
Cuz the top 1% doesn't have enough billions already. 1
Sorry forgot this 1
We are the richest people on the planet for absolutely no good reason at all! 1
You saying combatting orders to report for duty doesn't count as real service? 1
Lol Connecticut FTW 1
just another liberal shill! 1
But fear-mongering is *OUR* top priority! 1
Then what would people talk about around the watercoler? 1
"You forgot the end of the quote... ""Unless a democrat is the president at the time.""" 1
Yeah but she sent some emails 1
Good thing we have Hillary to stand up to him 1
That sounds like something someone who hates America would say! 1
New Zealand is riddled with terrorists 1
"Im surprised they didn't use the term ""bikephobic"" seeing as how phobia is such a rampant problem in todays world." 1
What difference does it make? 1
Get out murrica you commie bastard 1
I hate you... I hate you so much... 1
Yeah it's completely fine to use conventional explosives 1
People should also be required to carry long swords and poison tipped darts. 1
Maybe they should have saved their money. 1
There is no way a system which could weed out undesirable people from running for office could ever be abused 1
I don't understand how some people can be so thoughtless as to develop alcoholism or drug addiction. 1
I only want him more now 1
It is easy to be a good student when you are starving and don't have lights to read by... 1
If you don't vote for him its because you are racist and hate that he's black.... 1
"""unnamed subscribers""" 1
Forgot my 1
You forgot the 1
Republicans are going to look really good not supporting the man who won on their ticket. 1
Crazy ideas like that are why Trump won! 1
Shocking 1
Oh hey I think you dropped this 1
Because taking money from the rich to invest in the infrastructure of the country is socialism. 1
Obviously because they're just good 'ole Christians! 1
But why are you racist tho? 1
Vote early and often! 1
It's substantive. 1
But Breitbart told me it was fraudulent 1
"It's called ""evolving"" not lying." 1
Some antibiotics will help with that. 1
Yes because the NSA hasn't admitted to doing exactly as he said. 1
One of his energy advisors stated electricity is the flow of neurons......yeah they are the smartest 1
She wants to legalize weed though. 1
Aladdin? 1
but local elections aren't inspiring 1
Every 55-70 year old is committing financial fraud and nobody under that age could possibly be that greedy. 1
Democrats were the pro-slavery party! 1
I have the best plans 1
Are you saying you are against a free market for invasions and torture ? 1
Oh.... But that would NEVER happen. 1
I'm sorry we have a system that prevents California from dictating the nation. 1
I can't understand how Bernie supporters would be upset that the party of equality deliberately made the primaries unequal. 1
Aren't those just synonyms for poor? 1
People who point out GOP racism are racist too! 1
What a shame that he was up there with such honest people like Carson and Trump who are known to never lie... 1
But all you have to do is vote! 1
Well yeah...because Republicans took over the Senate so now we are recovering. 1
Because throwing money at the problem has always worked in the past. 1
Even though this nation became a power house due to capitalism... We need a change! 1
Yup those are the only possible options 1
It must feel great to have that privilege. 1
Forgot the 1
But people who study 16th century ventriloquism add just as much to society as doctors do! 1
Fuck those people and their success! 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
LOCK HIM UP 1
National security. 1
Oh no I'm so shocked. 1
How dare a group support the rights of citizens! 1
SURPRISED! 1
TIL Trump is an Anti-Semite 1
And he's good at this 1
I guess I should have added: 1
You're confusing too many people without your 1
wow what a national hero. 1
You forgot the 1
Found the radical lefty! 1
Poor blaming GOP racist bigot douchebag! 1
s/ I feel safer already 1
....and that Muslim President is doing the inviting. 1
Yes that's why all those low income city voters love clinton 1
All they need to be able to do is read the numbers after a dollar sign and put an *X* on the dotted line. 1
I can tell she's for the people. 1
another spoiled public employee freeloading off of the hardworking taxpayers 1
"""If only the women around here had the modesty of Saudi women we wouldn't have these sorts of problems.""" 1
Well that's certainly a realistic endeavor. 1
Those poor persecuted Christians... 1
Wake up sheeple! 1
Wow the best cabinet possible 1
You forgot your 1
maybe they should investigate 1
"Pence: ""Dude prolly did something else he didn't get caught for.""" 1
But the GOP isn't racist! 1
I heard he was going to donate his personal fortune to cover the loss. 1
It's not awful it's FREEDOM! 1
Which will of course be solved by sending everyone to college for free. 1
nice job belittling Sandy Hook for partisan/ideological gain 1
you take your facts and reason and gtfo 1
No way this was stage! 1
Why is it a celebration when liberals win and a condemnation when conservatives win 1
You forgot about ACORN! 1
It's just a theory! 1
You forgot this 1
Best way to cause unity if you ask me 1
DEAL ME IN! 1
...again 1
#6 - Because Donald Trump will make a great president. 1
you forgot the 1
I guess you got us atheists all figured out. 1
Just like some people are born evil - amen! 1
He dominated the online polls on winning the debate 1
They're fair and balanced 1
The free market will take care of it 1
Serves him right for not dying and wasting the court's time. 1
But...but...poor people are welfare dependent and they have all the time in the world! 1
You forgot to add 1
TIL Germany has less corporate regulation than the US 1
Scientific polls are lies! 1
Yes you are right Hillary is not corrupted as fuck. 1
If they wanted to vote they should have taken the day off work and went sooner. 1
the war was just a meme 1
The only man who can take down Bernie is Bernie! 1
Romney's unknown five-point tax plan is gonna save us from this bad economy! 1
We know this because of all the grand slams he's hit so far. 1
Plus he passed a law that says everyone has to be gay now 1
It's a false flag rally you guys! 1
but how else would we achieve perpetual warfare? 1
because that's the same thing 1
I'm sure that's totally what he meant to say. 1
How about we just blame white people instead? 1
Decriminalize marijuana- cartels lose money Cartels will now sell hover boards 1
Any day now... he's just laying in wait... you'll see; next year it's going down... 1
butbutbut emails and BENGHAAAZIII 1
But Hillary Clinton supports universal healthcare! 1
Yeah but Hillary had an email server! 1
I'm so surprised that there's no mention on r/politics of how the same poll shows Hillary increasing her national lead over Sanders from 19 points in December to 25 now. 1
People's opinions evolve bruh. 1
I'm sure she would have done the same to Hillary. 1
Because its her turn! 1
Yeah i bet you're right 1
BUT HE'S PRO-LIFE! 1
This case will likely be thrown out because of the mandatory arbitration clauses in everyone's contract which the Supreme Court so wisely upheld. 1
I think this dropped off your comment 1
But le Mitt would have been worse 1
Totally the same as MSNBC! 1
Reagan also never had any email scandals or private servers likeHillary Clinton! 1
How dare you assume Jennifer's gender! 1
Original! 1
Just because I am Mormon that don't mean I should be excluded from becoming a transfusion nurse. 1
Yeah but background checks for guns are good ideas 1
Yes if there's one thing the LGBT community has been begging for all these years it's coal mining jobs! 1
Oh I'm sorry I guess that you heard the real story and not the bullshit made up one that the judge used in their finding. 1
Vox is such a greatttttttt source for the truth 1
A gold capital T has to be better that the gold lowercase t so many people like to wear right? 1
Forgot your 1
"I'm sure they will find time to vote against ""Obamacare"" and fund another ""Special Hearing"" on Benghazi." 1
becuz he resigned from the Trump administation therefore Trump is to blame! 1
That ought to stop all the bullet conspiracy theories. 1
yeah he's been so great let's throw all his progress out the door and burn it all down with Trump! 1
But but I still have my moral superiority 1
Raid those funds! 1
I believe it because gallup said so. 1
Vince Foster 1
That just makes it blindly obvious as to how liberally bias the mainstream media is! 1
Cut it out 1
Kind of like how Bernie and his supporters are racist and sexist I suppose? 1
Clearly we need to add more laws we won't enforce because the current laws which we don't enforce aren't sufficient. 1
Spray-tan lives matter! 1
You are going to have to give up controlling the entire world. 1
But how will we know if they are innocent if we don't check their phone records? 1
I'm sure Hillary is loosing so much sleep about it 1
Obviously pandering... 1
if only there was a designer in the trump family who could pick up the slack. 1
Yeah Romney was a great choice. 1
But being non partisan won't help bring peace to the region. 1
Ok it does not matter 1
New and exciting news from the Bernie campaign! 1
Getting money and using the law is racist! 1
Congratulations dickass! 1
someone in hollywood bashing Trump - how brave 1
He must have smoked weed. 1
You forgot the 1
But Trump pretended to be somebody else! 1
Well put 1
Guess we need to ban women from voting to unrig the election. 1
Yeah someone who stuck to his guns against massive controversy and recall elections and then ran again (and won) has no testicular fortitude. 1
No because our military is sooooooooooo stupid that they wouldn't even think of anything like this or have any plan for anything. 1
Man the GOP really knows how to speak to the lower to middle class people. 1
You forgot the 1
Well if the kids had given him more lobby dollars he might have done something for them but those cheapskates ignored him. 1
I'm pretty sure you love Trump 1
My favorite Bible passage is when Jesus grabbed Mary by the pussy and told the disciples to check out her sex tape 1
Just wait until after the debates. 1
Next time he will add a 1
Well Eric holder left and joined one of the law firms that represent the big banks so maybe he found some thing..... 1
At least hes not a Muslim. 1
It won't happen and afterwards Bernie is going to name Dean his Vice President nominee for agreeing to not challenge Ellison's nomination to DNC chair. 1
Democracy at its finest. 1
Because no one who is successful and happy could ever disagree with you. 1
Now they can suddenly figure out where the money goes in the Pentagon budget? 1
Who cares about coherence when you can just beat up anyone who disagrees with you? 1
I'm pretty sure that doesn't disqualify you if you go to Chicago 1
No not on my tax dollar! 1
I should've added that 1
The system works! 1
But the superdelegates don't vote until July! 1
Wasserman's fault - called it first here 1
Clearly MSNBC is the racist network and a two second clip of KFC couldn't have been unintentional. 1
The Democrats invented technology and that took away your jobs! 1
Wow those are some really serious issues. 1
It's those left wing institutions that are putting out misleading data and statistics for liberals to use as ammo. 1
How dare you take Reagan's name in vain! 1
Ron Paul has been saying this forever... I guess Chris Hedges is a crazy tin foil hat wearing nut job too 1
Hey we still have firemen! 1
Capitalism FTW 1
Yeah lets draft the poor. 1
why not just chip implant the little snowflakes and be done with it? 1
You forgot your 1
What a gem of a human being. 1
But I thought Hillary would start WW3? 1
STOP RUINING IS HIPSTER CRED MAN 1
And God Bless America 1
Gee it'd be a shame we don't get to see who he'd invite to sit next to Melania at the State of the Union every year. 1
Obama-ist? 1
Something something private entity bullshit something 1
Maybe you never heard of a little show call Charles in Charge. 1
It's easier just to think of them as crazy fascists. 1
I'm sure they'll get right on that 1
The families who lost loved ones in the storm and those who lost their homes are no doubt laughing hysterically at his joke. 1
More government is always better 1
Found the racist. 1
States only have rights when it comes to legalizing marijuana. 1
All that time spent making up new jobs for poor lazy minorities. 1
Because any non-Republican is better than any Republican 1
You mean a Faustian bargain isn't consent? 1
But vote Hillary because Trump is literally Hitler and will make America Fascist! 1
That must be why the Republicans pushing these laws keep bringing up all those actual examples of voter fraud that would be stopped by these laws. 1
But the liberal biased perspective is objective! 1
amuurica fuck yea! 1
Thanks Obama 1
Watch your tone you sexist! 1
"maybe christie can call hurricane sandy a ""job creator""" 1
Arrest them for the sole charge of resisting arrest. 1
But the GOP is against voter fraud! 1
Pretty sure he's being 1
Yeah but what about those emails? 1
You forgot the 1
Impeach Obama! 1
The Jefferson Bible. 1
After recently directing the State Department to transfer Aid to Israel for the country to use to contribute to her campaign... 1
Because it's her turn! 1
They *deserve* the money while the teachers do not since teachers create no value except for an educated population which can go on to create wealth. 1
What about a birth control implants that are only removed when somone is sufficiently funded for kids? 1
In a free country the coach shouldn't tell the players to do their jobs 1
Right that's totally the attitude we see from most top comments in these threads 1
The greatest. 1
Republican Congress 1
I dropped something 1
Well this obviously invalidates the entire prolife movement 1
Yes but she's straight and married heterosexually so it doesn't count 1
You can certainly trust the GOP to know how to confront Islamic extremists and to run successful military campaigns in the middle east. 1
That's racist bigoted mysognistic behavior 1
Billionaire oil tycoons don't have a vested interest in discrediting these greedy scientists. 1
It is pretty racist to want people to prove who they are tbh. 1
...Yeah Trump has never donated his own money to charity... 1
It's almost as if multiple people are posting their own thoughts! 1
"Looks like the ""Abstinence Only"" sex education is working" 1
Its her turn. 1
I see reddit is feeling very tolerant of Christianity today. 1
You forgot the 1
yeah because it's only the convention causing this bump and nothing else 1
I'm glad we have such an educated and responsible electorate 1
I guess he should've tried harder. 1
"but then you'll be publicly shamed for not posting a selfie on facebook with an ""i voted"" button" 1
That's because of the conspiracy against him. 1
Capitalist pig! 1
Don't worry people it's ok ... they will not make abuse of power . 1
B-b-but the free market is *always* more efficient! 1
And is anyone going to jail? 1
The new Baghdad Bob? 1
"Don't you know she's gonna break down all those ""barriers""" 1
You're just a dumb lefty trying to make the right look bad! 1
Excellent legal analysis. 1
Buy Bernie is just a circlejerk 1
What an unpatriotic thing to say! 1
Then they will cast into hell for their sinfulness! 1
Oh god there goes his chances 1
So this is what a fair trial looks like 1
You forgot the 1
That's right here in Indiana we offer our best and brightest! 1
The WMD's was handled by a different section of the government that's apparently not as good at conspiracies. 1
yep you win I think I'm pro-life now 1
I knew I should have put the 1
"I'm surprised that you haven't been shipped off to New Mexico with that kind of ""alternative lifestyle""." 1
I WILL NOT vote for Obama if he is going to sit there and tell the truth! 1
Well you sound entitled 1
"Inb4 ""Economy measures rigged to make Obama look good before election""" 1
When Riot Games &amp; Tencent owned the world 1
B-b-b-b-b-but meltdowns! 1
Almost got me without that 1
Or July....there's a reason Walmart starts Christmas creep so early! 1
I mean that's just truth 1
he's so above the fray and not at all petty like every other politician 1
It's not like he heavily edited a conversation about abortion clinics donating fetus's to make it sound like they are selling them on the open market. 1
You forgot to mark this 1
Yeah but he told them to cut it out. 1
First Native American president! 1
Obama just needs to get his MD! 1
That sounds pretty low energy. 1
Glad we elected the NRA to be president in 2008 and 2012. 1
And that State Department has been incredibly forthcoming and honest lately 1
That depends on how you look at the chart. 1
Because nothing like this existed on twitter (or the internet) before POTUS joined up. 1
This sounds like a great idea! 1
If we just invade a few more middle eastern countries they will realize how bad Islamic fundamentalism is and embrace democracy. 1
I trust Obama to keep his word. 1
BUT YOU'RE CASTING VOTES FOR THE CANDIDATE I HATE WHEN YOU DO THAT! 1
So he can pin any crimes on his family and then pardon them? 1
I expect to hear reports of massive lay-offs and a crashing state economy any day now. 1
Also the rest of the states. 1
I bet those biased reporters didn't mention he kept winking and elbowing them while he said it! 1
Your conspiracy theory is much more plausible than a simple and quantifiable fact like Americans not viewing socialism favorably. 1
A single payer healthcare provider should not decide in death panels who gets treatment - when a quick look at your bank account gives the answer how much better you managed your own life so far to pay all hospital bills easily by yourself 1
Your so funny and super witty..... 1
Mods please remove this.... It clearly isn't political 1
Corruption is only what's illegal 1
But it's ok if it's against Trump! 1
Wall Street Journal's Market Watch reporting on important market news for investors. 1
Yes because anti-semites have always been willing to forgive those Jews who didn't self identify as Jewish. 1
Citizen's United FTW! 1
Such a reliable source. 1
I'm not sure if all the evidence is in on this. 1
But she didn't know she was going to run until a few months ago! 1
So we're in good company 1
Ahahahah now that's one million dollars well spent. 1
God didnt make those bullets for nothing! 1
He could still be a billionaire he is ancient 1
Surely the cost of living wont go up? 1
that's very tolerant of them. 1
That worked out great for her last time 1
I'm absolutely shocked to see that this was happening 1
^ 1
Conserving is for other people. 1
Why don't we just shorten the second term to 3 years? 1
Well - infant mortality in Texas is rising because they cut funding to a bunch of family planning programs... But at least Planned Parenthood isn't getting state money to provide Pap smears and HIV testing to poor people! 1
I have a right to a safe space! 1
Ward Connerly? 1
First muslim president nominates first muslim judge. 1
Probably the candidate who's supporters dont do their own research lol. 1
Compelling argument. 1
Because the VP is a very demanding job 1
but lets go ahead and invade again to kill isis. 1
Now that's some politicians serving the public! 1
Damn you Hillary! 1
Surely Kurt Cobain was the only person to look at an ultrasound and conclude the person in it looked like a bean. 1
You omitted the 1
Must have been the fault of that liberal MSM. 1
Thought she already did. 1
They call those freedom panels. 1
Yes because we have a representational democracy where each voter gets an equal say and district lines are all fair and even. 1
They should be able to choose Bernie! 1
Not if the Gay Fish People who did 9/11 have anything to say about it...! 1
That would just look cute wouldn't it. 1
Bunch of pussy grabbers! 1
Good to know that you understand the meaning of empire. 1
leftistsareweak is the moral majority of one 1
Trump knows more about military logistics than the generals do. 1
Trump is rich; he's paying the pollsters. 1
He's going to be a great foreign diplomat when he grows up. 1
If only there was a mandate separating of church and state 1
But it's totally wrong to state that Republicans are a bastion of anti-black hostility because they have Carson doing well in the polls 1
The $20 would immediately be worth $100! 1
Yeah but how would the government get involved between couples otherwise? 1
B b b but The Black Panthers! 1
It says study in the title it must be true 1
But what about the EMAILS? 1
Nothing that was my point I'll add the 1
Communist Party of America? 1
Maybe they should all get mani/pedis and have a girls night out at a Mexican restaurant 1
LIBERAL ELITES AND THEIR EDUCATION! 1
They won because bernie made it above 15% 1
"Yes because ""law and order"" are definable policy positions and ""stop and frisk"" is totally constitutional and not discriminatory in any way." 1
Mission Accomplished! 1
More like Shillery's economists. 1
Looks like we have a real armchair general here with a solid base of expertise in how US military forces conduct operations across the world. 1
You forgot the part where Obama and Hillary laughed together while listening to the screams of the Consul staff and refused to send troops that were at least 8 hours away. 1
Its an internal ussr affair 1
Obviously that's obamas fault too! 1
Jeb can fix it! 1
The infallible free market! 1
Certainly can't let a black guy get credit for helping with good ones. 1
And there is at least a dozen Voodoo dolls for each of you. 1
But you have to have a stamp and not everyone can afford stamps and that's a form of a poll tax and the racist GOP doesn't want blacks to vote 1
Now that is co-operation between the parties 1
MUH SECOND AMENDMENT 1
The true alternative here folks 1
Both parties I'm sure are equally to blame 1
What a compelling and graceful argument. 1
I'm donating $500 anyone wanna match me? 1
Such a neutral title. 1
Are you a white or non white Latino? 1
If we downvote this hard enough it won't be true #feelthebern 1
Consigliere? 1
You 47% freeloading bastard! 1
well the double vaccinations must have cancelled out the autism. 1
"Could work for Gary Johnson ""I want you to feel the Johnson but I won't force the Johnson on you""" 1
But Sanders isn't pandering! 1
But we must revere the job creators for they give us our livelihood 1
And we were doing so great before that! 1
you forgot your 1
Open carry sure does equivilate to violence. 1
And the kid who throws the first punch in a schoolyard fight is always the bully 1
Let the market figure it out. 1
*November 28th Get it right libcuck 1
ZOMG SO RACIST 1
I'm AFRAID of them takin' MY shit... at the point of a gun! 1
That's true because Fox News says it is and all the other news is Evil Jewish Liberal Propaganda. 1
I'd like to think it's because the House Judiciary Committee saw my protest and decided to rethink SOLA. 1
Because the market fixes everyting! 1
You dropped this: 1
yes because little italy and chinatown have always existed in new york even before italiens and chinese immigrants flocked there... 1
But he's not taking the presidents salary so it's ok .... 1
They could be adopting the 50s-era TV practice of sleeping in separate beds. 1
Yeah Trump can keep us safe 1
Something something entitled millennials 1
Did it teach the two party system a lesson? 1
That just proves Trump was smart and ahead of his time. 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
I think you're reaching. 1
We need to end this 'free trade' between states! 1
For security and freedom in the civilized world ... how can you not know that 1
You must hate when people use 1
GUYS SHE'S THE MOST TRANSPARENT POLITICAL CANDIDATE IN MODERN HISTORY! 1
Ouch. 1
That must be why Trump would have never been captured like that loser McCain. 1
Then next thing they will want to do is build a wall to stop illegal guns from entering in the country. 1
The PC police is hear wee woo wee woo 1
Well what do you expect when you attack people in their safe space? 1
Yeah this is bad for Trump 1
How dare the queen have any pressure on her. 1
Other countries are for commies and socialists! 1
Prax it out man. 1
Hahaha and I'm sure the numbers will be totally accurate 1
Fuckin commie 1
I'm sure she did. 1
Lyin' Trump said he wouldn't take vacations! 1
Strategy is just a form of vote rigging. 1
I'm sure you meant 1
he will after the audit 1
I do believe he dropped this 1
Unless they are black because only whites can really be racist 1
When did we stop using 1
That would explain his 83% approval rating in Vermont. 1
Forgot your 1
I can't wait for it to Trickle Down like when Reagan was President! 1
Well then you must be a racist! 1
I guess I should trust your word over my family's and friends' experiences. 1
That's totally what Jesus would do. 1
Yeah at least slaves had free healthcare. 1
Way to unite the country. 1
WRONG! 1
"Happy to know he is having so much ""fun.""" 1
No that's not possible the law is made by those elected by 51% that control our social contract and that is the basis of morality. 1
So we're just supposed to let blacks and messicans vote? 1
so unlike reddit? 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
Yes because politicizing the Paris attacks is perfectly fine when the democrats do it. 1
So racist that one of their major speakers on social media is a black male. 1
Privatizing education is a GREAT idea! 1
"Yes the second term president who has no more elections is ""owned by corporation""." 1
What could possibly go wrong? 1
oh this account isn't ctr at all... 1
And of course notorious homophobe Obama who clearly had to evolve on Gay marriage before he was okay with it 1
Thanks Obama. 1
Get out and vote! 1
Zing! 1
To distinguish observational science from historical science 1
What do you expect when the most liberal President ever in exsistence is elected to implement a radical liberal agenda and allow workers to control the modes of production as Obama obviously is doing. 1
which makes so much sense! 1
it will create jobs 1
You dropped this 1
OMG IF YOU DON'T YOU ARE A TRAITORZ! 1
Guam? 1
Makes the shooter a ninja shooter? 1
That also caused clinton to lose the general because bernie is a selfish asshole who attacked clinton while clinton laid off of him during the primary! 1
Heal the nation with Hillary 1
a) original comment never specified September b) shooting criminals=shooting innocents now 1
Great minds think alike 1
You're forgetting the 1
Because he wants to make America great again! 1
Was an 1
That's funny because clearly what the majority of Americans think doesn't matter *because* of the electoral college. 1
You and your gotcha questions! 1
Only after multiple bouts of torture daily over the course of a month. 1
Translation: If you're a conservative you might as well start killing little girls because that's what you really are inside. 1
But not donating to Trump is the same as donating to Hillary. 1
This makes me wonder why politicians don't care about young people. 1
You forgot the 1
At least now you have insurance! 1
It's not a crime when the rich and powerful do it. 1
Yeah man I specifically said that. 1
Maybe they'll come away from the experience with a new found understanding of the suffering of others 1
But Obama is the reason I'm poor and Trump is going to turn this country around! 1
I never realize a few miles of rope could solve most of our problems 1
No I'm sure its just a coincidence 1
RON PAUL 2012 1
Because the corrupt shitstains that are Clinton and Trump are so much better. 1
"[calculates the number of tall boys that would be] I can still maintain the ""moral high ground""." 1
HAHAHA YES BECAUSE PRISON RAPE IS SO HILARIOUS AMIRITE 1
but thats a war on christians 1
Yeah because they've been so nice to him this whole election cycle. 1
oh you picked up on that too? 1
Orrr it is a false flag operation to gain traction for the Trump campaign 1
But the Clinton Foundation funneled money to the group that carried out the Benghazi attack. 1
*Puts on tinfoil* Hillary cut a deal and these new Power's are what will get her off the indictment. 1
I'm sure he's going to be 100% honest once he gets into office though. 1
I blame the Internet and the return of swing music. 1
Well those people aren't Americans. 1
Now even his campaign staff is rigging the election against him. 1
You must have forgotten that global warming is just a Chinese conspiracy. 1
Hillary should be put on the $20 bill. 1
Obviously you haven't been informed on the RULE changes. 1
Definitely front page material 1
*Only* clinically. 1
They need to build a wall around the airports. 1
Never forget Sarah Silverman's articulate overture to Sanders' supporters from the DNC convention stage. 1
I learned all I need to know about Muslims on 9/11! 1
I don't know *who* to believe anymore! 1
It's a good thing the ec are such an ethical bunch of guys. 1
Who cares about unemployment? 1
the witch must burn 1
This is total bs because there are actually millions of people in America. 1
Republicans are *race realists* Democrats are the real racists. 1
So counties with the largest income inequalities DON'T have the best economy? 1
He lies ! 1
Maybe we would vote for scary Bernie or scary Brexit if there weren't some controls to correct the hysteria of the uninformed voters. 1
I think we ought to be impressed that law enforcement was so concerned about keeping African Americans safe. 1
But but $Hillary is a corrupt criminal who should be in jail 1
Maybe for an acronym... cause you know illuminatee and stuff. 1
It all happened after Cliven Bundy. 1
How dare they protest their inherent melanin inferiority! 1
I think that would be any decent person's takeaway from the article. 1
Damned you damned if you don't Good ol tax revenue that our extremely efficient government will put to excellent use I'm sure 1
yeah but the new York times is owned by a mexican 1
I agree we should also have to get licenses to practice free speech and to vote. 1
a real Woodrow Wilson that Trump. 1
Crooked Hillary Clinton of course 1
Well they had to lower standards to help women secede. 1
They're for it as long as the baby is carried to term. 1
Did he claim the sun coming up was their doing as well? 1
When friends treat you like that you deserve it. 1
There goes Obummer again stomping on small business trying to tell that what to do! 1
He knew Obama would be a much better president and threw the election? 1
Young people are just to busy on Saturdays to go vote! 1
Because changing your mind on a subject after some time is the worst thing imaginable. 1
SURPRISE! 1
So... make America great again? 1
Congratulations on contributing something meaningful to this conversation. 1
Clearly Sanders supporters 1
but sanders is giving me _free stuff_ 1
I can't wait to hear if he is for or against abortion since that single issue will decide my vote! 1
It was 1
Maybe just make a law that women can only be x amount of drunk by BAC and anyone caught overserving them gets charged. 1
Well its a good thing it will shoot up to 100% this year since Trump does great with Hispanics 1
What does a Holocaust scholar know about Hitler? 1
It's ok because the military saves *tons* of money by dumping all their trash and other otherwise radioactive or toxic waste on military bases where they are exempt from environmental protection law (especially at former nuclear test sites that are now air force bases like Groom Lake). 1
Yeah.... Because life in Sweden is terrible I hear. 1
We all know Latino's are too busy being lazy and illegal to protest. 1
Forgot the 1
you sound like you know what you're talking about 1
You need to edit this with a 1
No Saudia Arabia gave the money to the Clinton Foundation to promote women's rights 1
Yeah they've definitely been running a campaign based on race and sex and not the VAST experience and qualifications gulf between the two candidates. 1
Because of course we let the big trucks potentially full of explosives sail right through so we could search a hot blonde's card. 1
Especially since Putin won't allow Trump to do anything about it. 1
He's naming it after the GMC SUV because he's obviously in the pocket of automakers! 1
Can confirm lost my mind. 1
That's why I make sure to loudly berate any wealthy person! 1
But... but the republicans told me it was all the illegal immigrants's fault we losing so much money 1
Oh it's coming...any day now. 1
Great... 1
Can't wait for those healthcare premiums to go back down once it's repealed. 1
You forgot the 1
Third times a charm 1
Good thing we aren't putting US boots on the ground. 1
Yeah fuck people's rights if it creates the illusion of safety! 1
A possible pro Hillary Clinton sign is worse than a gun. 1
Yeah but noticing reality is a really fringe belief. 1
Are the sugar free ones ok? 1
This sounds like another right wing conspiracy 1
Replace the Republican establishment with democrat establishment would do wonders for this country 1
Profiting off the catastrophic events. 1
I am terrified of Trump because he said Bruce Jenner instead of Caitlyn Jenner. 1
"I'm pretty sure that's called the ""American Dream...""" 1
Why spend money building poor people up when you could spend that same money just locking them up? 1
You mean the mess *Obama* created. 1
It's been proven that coin tosses have a liberal bias. 1
And that totally stops it from happening. 1
you forgot the 1
Pepe is a white nationalist 1
He is just worried about the snuke in her snizz... 1
I guess it's because Texas politicians love the Constitution so much. 1
yet this has nothing to do with islam.... i think that guy forgot his 1
"Then why are the right wing nut jobs sending me emails weekly talking about how much the ""main stream liberal media"" loves Obama?" 1
Well to be fair... its sort of in their job description. 1
Praise God! 1
I think they forgot this 1
No no no.... You see the Internet was taken over by a small pro-Clinton super PAC that employed 40 people. 1
That MUST be it. 1
The man definitely has his priorities in order. 1
The Clinton foundation is clearly blackmailing her into saying that! 1
I'm so sick of you &amp; all these Roman sympathizers spewing your anti-American propaganda. 1
It must be all the illegal aliens committing voter fraud. 1
It just is so shut up! 1
Because people can't change jobs or get a different insurance 1
The Chinese have infiltrated the highest levels of the US Military! 1
Yes so lets try to make it worse than it already is 1
Don't you understand that free speech is only for things I agree with 1
Is he often confused by computers? 1
Because hillary and the media says we do. 1
They want to elect the Family Values candidate! 1
But... But... Clinton was just wagging the dog! 1
Damn yankees 1
It's good they're finally catching a break 1
Unskew those polls! 1
Lady did something stupid and didn't pay her bills obviously it's Trumps fault. 1
Luckily all of us liberals are just godless baby-killing gays! 1
"The whole ""try not to poison the air and drown the coastlines"" movement have *really* been stagnating under the current generation." 1
Well *that* was totally unexpected. 1
But they can swap the pot smokers with all those illegals 1
You forgot your 1
Obviously Hitlerally bribed him and this means nothing in regards to her candidacy! 1
Can I get an Amen! 1
It doesn't have to be valid if it's tough. 1
If the free market doesn't want people to protest then we should respect that. 1
i was 1
Before the ACA no one ever went into debt for health care. 1
But Papa Bear said it's wrong! 1
Lol lots more wars yay lol. 1
Due process is only for white people that can afford a good lawyer anyway. 1
We are far too bush repealing Obamacare and redefining rape to be bothered with that. 1
Remember: there is no difference between the Democrats and the Republicans. 1
Positive? 1
It would have been worse because he's not President Obama. 1
If only he had shown his instability during the race. 1
"3 more about Benghazi and the 7th for being ""literally Satan""" 1
If the poor are humiliated and abused enough they will get themselves rich enough to stop it. 1
I thought this only happened in the South. 1
Those pesky old fucks at Anonymous strike again 1
You forgot your 1
Report: 100% of entire human population is either a women or a men... 1
I am going to vote republican this time around because I love it when they screw me up the butt and then tell me it's my fault my ass is sore. 1
Maybe he is so insufferable that people would just cut deals to get away from him? 1
Well if **you** don't know about it then obviously it (they) don't exist. 1
I really hope you forgot 1
It's common sense 1
But he's a good guy! 1
"""What do you have to lose?""" 1
You dropped this: 1
You wouldn't have to do that often if you had a billion or two like ole' Donald. 1
Authentic Italian workers! 1
Hillary is a duck confirmed? 1
She'll just wipe it away with a cloth or something. 1
You mean Sarah Silverman's well-reasoned argument at the DNC didn't sway you to consider voting for HRC? 1
Check your priviledge! 1
It's insane to want less government and less government waste. 1
You forgot the 1
Thanks for waiting until after New York to say this 1
Just like Hillary told 'em to. 1
But then congress wouldn't get to grandstand and show their ideological purity every two years! 1
Sounds like socialism to me! 1
It isn't taxes if you set it up as fees. 1
Your Facebook friends and experience = all americans 1
You didn't pull yourself up by your bootstraps enough. 1
Bad Obama policies. 1
Republican is American- any thing else is not. 1
really fun 1
It proves that stop and frisk works on white people... 1
Yeah man he's just as bad as Bush! 1
That's not really a very important part of their job. 1
Imagine what would happen if she smuggled in some cocaine.... Imagine all the people that would die... All the lives that would be ruined... 1
obviously we mock it because human beings aren't inherently valuable or worthy of a decent life 1
I disagree with someone which makes them disqualified. 1
it is gateway porn! 1
Your suggestion of incremental change sounds like anarchy! 1
I realize it can be easy to forget that making an accusation automatically counts as guilt but try to remember it 1
Yeah bur theyre all losers 1
This is right up there with citizens that don't pay taxes for ~20 years or so... 1
Fox News will be all over her for banning the media. 1
what a bunch of selfish assholes paying for our roads and military and schools that they probly dont even use. 1
But.. but Trump claims he has good support among Hispanics! 1
By estimating the crowd size I can tell Trump went up +15 points nationally and I didn't even include lawn signs! 1
Gotta keep the lower class where they belong. 1
Literally Hitler 1
Always give the margin of error to Trump when he was 1 campaign office in a state vs her 40 1
you dropped this: 1
Maybe she can get installed as a Senator for a few years so that she can run as the most experienced candidate in history. 1
You just need more tax cuts. 1
"""Because it's HER TURN gosh darn it!""" 1
Maybe he can offer himself a tax break to bring back those jobs. 1
It's really unfair to make attack ads on a politician based off his actual views. 1
She will be way more fun to whine about and make up conspiracies about for eight years than Obama. 1
Yeah... Democrats will totally win. 1
Trump is literally forcing these barbaric actions with words 1
You could tell they really had a bond 1
So commie it is. 1
it's a republican smear conspiracy? 1
I see you've been brainwashed by the lamestream media. 1
Because bush never lied and if he had the Republicans would have definitely made sure to impeach him. 1
White males have privilege. 1
Too bad he's ineligible....because he wasn't born here 1
If they really cared they would lobby our government to give tax dollars to this organization. 1
I haven't noticed! 1
yeah because election fraud is *more* likely 1
This is why Trump won. 1
You dropped this: 1
Are you trying to smother my free speech? 1
And I am sure a war with Iran wouldn't be a big deal... 1
Um....Trump is a BUSINESSMAN 1
Good question.. guess we're fucked so lets just go along with it 1
Because facts are liberal propaganda 1
I wonder if al Qaeda will get the hands on the weapons... 1
I'm so sad that I decided to play video games instead of watching this mess. 1
Yea comey is a clinton plant! 1
BEEEENGHAAAAZIIIIIIII 1
Because America only goes to war to protect the freedom and never for any geopolitical or materialistic reasons. 1
I thought Obama had him killed. 1
Zeitgeist movie - its the new truth of the 21 century. 1
It's worse cuz she hides being a liar and crook. 1
You forgot the 1
Worked great for the tea party! 1
Nate Bronze did it again 1
Just another example of Balitmore's fine Democratic leadership coming through for minorities. 1
Yeah I'm super surprised no white people were arrested in Alabama for a fight with a black man. 1
It's the media's fault he was left out! 1
Mother Jones has always understood the new young republican movement. 1
Because the entertainment industry and stage performance sector is dominated by Trump-loving conservatives. 1
CGI Lives Matter 1
Makes sense! 1
100% of Democratic voters definitely want Hillary to be their presidential nominee. 1
Yeah that was right out in the open 1
True it is only bad when the Democratic do it. 1
Can we keep the hyperbole out of the conversation please! 1
Which is perfectly normal and happens all the time to perfectly healthy people. 1
You forgot the 1
They certainly do have the freedom to choose what they want- as long as we agree with it. 1
Historically speaking limiting the poors access to wealth has always helped raise them out of poverty. 1
Its that concrete wall that seperates the freeway right? 1
If they hate being poor they will try to make money. 1
But don't you know that reactors are just WMDs waiting to explode? 1
Well......I mean.......can you prove it isn't true? 1
Another Republican party hero! 1
She's only supporting it because supporting it will prevent worse stuff from happening! 1
That's not terrifying at all... 1
Yes but the faculty of MIT are a bunch of liberals 1
good to know that taxpayer money isn't being wasted on zero-sum tasks 1
He's not the right kind of Jew though. 1
Facts disclosed by Russians aren't facts and thus must be fully and completely ignored. 1
It'll all trickle down. 1
You dropped this one... 1
Because we all know outlawing drugs has had a huge positive effect on our nation 1
you forgot the 1
The Guardian is a noted Sanders supporter 1
But GOOD PEOPLE DONT SMOKE MARIJUANA 1
But Johnson believes in capitalism and capitalism is what gave us these government selected and contracted private prisons that were lobbied for 1
Well I think we can all agree that after this speech that Dianne Feinstein should be put in charge of overseeing all military intelligence operations from now on! 1
He doesn't need to since he's going to be so anti-intervention. 1
I heard they deny the Armenian genocide 1
"What is it with you reality-based people and your obsession with ""facts""?" 1
Yea so we should just discount the points he makes entirely 1
Yeah because no one ever bat an eyelid on anything questionable Clinton has done or has allegedly done. 1
you forgot the 1
I can't wait till a Republican takes office and we're back to paying .98 cents a gallon 1
You have to consider the potential white male baby in their womb! 1
You forgot the 1
Kenyan* family 1
Think of all the money the Federal government would save if it didn't have to pay IRS agents to collect those 360k people's taxes! 1
Without income inequality she could be wearing a $15000 dollar jacket though 1
I support a national database of Trump supporters 1
Yep just like comcast naturally is going out of business instead of turning into an even larger monopoly. 1
Just boot strap it 1
Why cant they see that giving international corporations more power and expanding easily abused copyright law is a *good* thing? 1
That's good to point out because there's nothing corrupt about Walmart whatsoever 1
yeah because AR-15 have so many other uses than mass shootings. 1
So they used Wikileaks? 1
"""Help the poor and love each other"" is definitely the GOP platform and what the candidates exemplify though!" 1
He forgot this 1
It's not straight? 1
I remember those days.... 1
NO HRC IS THE INCOMPETENT CORRUPT ONE BECAUSE EMAILS. 1
But 77% of Americans are white so he doesn't represent the people! 1
Because over the top nationalism and extreme right wing ideology isn't facism. 1
Thank goodness his Republican party supports such robust social programs to help the mothers care for all those critically handicapped babies 1
Haha good one 1
these are white people silly you can't get in trouble for shooting a black kid! 1
I'd rather send a million kids to jail before admitting you liberals are right. 1
I think you dropped a 1
You just like that tinfoil hat wearing crazy old man Ron Paul. 1
Stop posting this shit 1
So would I. You were just awful. 1
Why would he lie? 1
Fascism. 1
I left off 1
Because pizza causes all the scandals. 1
I wonder why they didn't include 2008 in those numbers? 1
The flip side to this is that our cops have a great k/d ratio. 1
That worked out pretty well in the end. 1
You *do* have freedom of choice between the options *they* have chosen for you. 1
Read my lips: There's no racism in the South. 1
Nuclear winter to solve global warming! 1
Now why would that be? 1
"But don't you know that calling other side ""the enemy you are most proud off"" is the best way to get something done in bipartisan way?" 1
Some real stiff competition on his side. 1
So what's you're trying to say is baby parts sales are funding Hillary's campaign 1
CNN the only place you can trust nowadays. 1
Both sides! 1
We have to worry about that constitution loophole/fuck up now. 1
When we take back the country from those people. 1
You only don't like her because shes a woman 1
But but but....he's the smartest and the best businessman....all his ideas are the best. 1
found the white nationalist 1
Don't forget Andrew Jackson and the trail of tears. 1
Its just peacetime operations is all 1
And it's definitely not the case that it's flawed. 1
Since it obviously says they are forced to go 1
You sound like an upstanding citizen. 1
Just ask your parents for money! 1
But Fox news says he is the worst president ever so he must be! 1
But the free market^tm will just step in and improve everything! 1
4chan is never right. 1
I feel soooooo much safer 1
What a commie flip-flopper! 1
have you seen the birth certificate? 1
ANOTHER Trump interview? 1
I just want to build a wall so that the sub-human species cannot infiltrate my home. 1
I didn't know open carry was legal in CA. 1
"""Believe me""" 1
Nooooo Democrats are sincere and would never play their vote base like that! 1
Minorities don't count 1
Thank God! 1
Why work to make everyone smarter when it's easier and saves us money to just make everyone dumber? 1
Martha Stewart? 1
And Wall Street banksters should be able to write off their gambling debts they accrue with our money! 1
Not a single one. 1
Ok 1
But they aren't brownshirts. 1
Couldn't happen to a nicer bunch of people 1
Obama's a fascist! 1
But those tax breaks for corporations will trickle down 1
gay = bad fiscal policy It's in the Bible! 1
That is the most stupid opinion I've heard today 1
But Mexicans and walls! 1
That's why all those stories have been pouring out about all his past employees hating him and hating working for him... 1
That's right ones a person and the other isn't 1
I'm happy he had no problem shipping jobs to those commies. 1
You're not allowed to say that here join the circle jerk or leave 1
Oh please tell me more about how government control of the economy is a good thing. 1
No wonder China's middle class is so well off. 1
Freedom to die broke is the merikan way. 1
A true patriot. 1
OMG I'm shocked 1
All we need to do is further privatize education and the free market will sort all of our problems out. 1
But we could have a trillion dollar fighter jet :( 1
But... but the families deserve to know! 1
Nah only the red states 1
oh you master of manipulation you 1
that whole combination of church and state is really working well for Egypt right now. 1
Oh yeah totally presidential of him. 1
Because.. you know.... Obama would never bomb a country. 1
The right totally cares about these things and aren't just using them for a talking point... 1
"""Hillary calling black people names in the 90's caused me to think it was okay""" 1
The Jews are the ones pushing immigration and amnesty in an attempt to interbreed the aryan race out of existence. 1
Truly working for the America people. 1
"""Can we just say the whole Army has bone spurs and leave?""" 1
Read all about it in his new book... 1
But that storyline wouldn't be anti-hillary and is therefore not possible. 1
Can't Stump The Trump! 1
But law is racist 1
Thanks NRA. 1
Well he spent the last 8 years apologizing to everyone 1
but but but...Clinton vote! 1
you dropped this 1
Cant wait for Iraq 2.0 1
I guess I should have added this. 1
Seems legit. 1
Yep definitely no famous or powerful Jews out there. 1
Well obviously if you care about your country you must be a racist! 1
But the neocons are *always* right -- how's this news? 1
Disclaimer: 1
Thanks Obama 1
I'm sure this will end well. 1
Clearly pandering. 1
But it's Hillary's turn! 1
Don't you know that women only exist as an extension of their husband? 1
Right that's why Ms Populist Frau Dr Merkel is so well-loved here. 1
Oh i'll just carry it to term because I'm such a morally superior person! 1
That was just a chance encounter. 1
Bad stuff only affects the poor thats why public health programs should be cut so the rich can keep more of their money and the poor can go to hell. 1
It is a quote so it must be true 1
That was implied by her skin color. 1
"""Curious"" huh." 1
This is very surprising 1
I'm sure FDR would be very impressed with all 2 Democrats who support UHC and the progress we have made since his time. 1
Do you want to get enrolled in a Foster Day-Care program? 1
Which is why you named all their kings. 1
OMG SHE MADE A RETURN ON HER INVESTMENT WHAT A WHORE! 1
but dem conspiracies. 1
HES GONNA KILL ALL THE BLACKS AND WOMEN AND CHILDREN OH THE HORROR 1
or rainbow to solidify gay marihuana 1
But separation of powers only applies when it's against Obama! 1
I think he forgot a 1
But those things aren't scary 1
Lol who needs to actually read the article right? 1
"Just the modern day ""right to bear arms.""" 1
You forgot the 1
Because that's what he did. 1
BECAUSE BIG GOVERNMENT CAN'T TELL ME TO DO SOMETHING THAT I SHOULD BE DOING ANYWAY HMPH! 1
B-but she dabbed on Ellen! 1
reaction from GOB: The Pope is not a scientist! 1
Intellect? 1
"*""Damn liberetarards the second amendment is the only amendment MAGA""*" 1
yes but Trump just changed his position on Immigration 1
Yeah why should we be cautious about overtly politicizing a department of the government responsible for confiscating money from citizens and wielding the power to quash political speech. 1
Rally turnout is a great indicator of a campaign's success. 1
No you must have missed all of those stories of all of those innocent people having their lives ruined by the big bad IRS 1
Which polls? 1
Maybe I like the graffiti. 1
OMG I wonder who he would've endorsed! 1
Christie 2016! 1
liberal anti-capitalist environmental activist Sheriff is about to lose his job 1
only white people can be racist and they are only found in one of the parties! 1
Yes because all those old dogs have such a wonderful record of being right about Trump this election season. 1
found the republican ;) 1
Results of the FBI primary coming in any day now 1
Hope she wins the election! 1
Anything less would be typical leftwing socialist politics. 1
Not that they coordinate with the campaign or anything illegal like that. 1
the true america is the 1% that the 99% are leaching off of.... 1
Because what could go wrong? 1
Not sure if 1
I'm sure American television will inform the public of this news. 1
He continued explaining how the old black man who shines Kasich's shoes in the morning is very polite and surprisingly well-spoken. 1
Very informative news 1
Applaud the 1
Sorry let me kneel down before my betters. 1
But I'm sure their heart was in the right place! 1
Devastating. 1
We need to get these weapons of war off the streets! 1
If we gave money to California it would be socialism! 1
Must have been Hillary's *liberrrruhl mind beams* that made him say that. 1
True lets slaughter them. 1
Darn socialist President! 1
It did wonders for Argentina 1
"""Obama MADE me be a racist!!!""" 1
It's all just a game of 362D Bingo! 1
down vote 1
Are you suggesting that the US is a multicultural country or something as preposterous as that? 1
That's a sexist proposal! 1
Oh it's totally okay to be racist as long as you say your sorry! 1
Yah the gold standard didn't work at all 1
I'm mean.. he's basically a Mexican. 1
Because debates aren't limited by time and exhaustive lists can be feasibly presented 1
the US isn't responsible for years of war and devastation in the middle east you US hater 1
This is a revolution. 1
It takes a long time to get the death camps ready to take all the guns and kill the Christians and straight people with their own guns 1
*two 1
And she has never shown a penchant for changing her mind. 1
Yeah we need to control the world and defend everyone 1
Your bias against females you sexist 1
they won't suffer if they're dead. 1
Is Paris that place in Colorado? 1
Riiight because the left has to go the super elaborate route to make the right look ignorant. 1
Really classy guy. 1
It's still better than just 23 people contributing 65.6 mill. 1
you dropped this.... 1
you dropped this 1
It's a pipeline rupture most likely he will lose his farm for having stolen all that oil from the oil companies! 1
That's just what a Chinese person would say if they invented climate change. 1
But thank GOD they aren't increasing taxes on the rich 1
So that's where the job creation went! 1
I'm convinced! 1
It is hard to find the criminals when people all look alike. 1
You talking about Israel or the US? 1
What's up with that 16% of Asians? 1
"I like Romney's advice better - ""borrow from your folks""." 1
Scariest documentary I've ever seen. 1
I bet Obama himself took a comically large sack of cash with a money sign on it and give it to his Islamist brothers over there. 1
Color me shocked if we find one of the Reddit board members or employees on this list. 1
As long as my exploding grenades don't hit your nose its all fine 1
Good come back. 1
Ahhh that good ol' American ingenuity! 1
Because a police officer would *never* act rashly with a firearm. 1
This makes absolute sense because we all support military action abroad. 1
You forgot the 1
Yeah right! 1
hurricane trump is on its way to hit america 1
Wake up sheeple! 1
You sure proved him wrong. 1
Yeah life really sucks now that Obama has taken away all our gun rights. 1
Obviously molestation is a critical part of keeping this great and mighty country safe from all those dirty Muslims I mean terrorists 1
Yeah but they probably tortured him to get those confessions out of him. 1
It's because the minimum wage is too high 1
Yes I am sure the ladies living the the dorms of some sweatshop are really building the Chinese middle class. 1
I wonder why 1
Yes That's what I meant 1
God gave man dominion over the Earth to fuck it up as he sees fit. 1
Yeah it's not like Bernie has had anything like a decades long political career where he could make a name for himself. 1
You forgot your 1
Specialization at its finest. 1
Fortunately though he'll be able to use this as yet another example of why everybody seems to be against his perfectly reasonable moderate views. 1
You dropped this: 1
Putting that word in all caps sure convinced me 1
Who could have possibly foreseen that anyone associated with the GOP would ignore intelligence reports and put our Nation at risk for their own gain. 1
let me think how did it go for the last blue eyed blond hair person to blame there problems on a Jewish person 1
not to mention pedophiles under every rock and behind every bush. 1
Must read the titles of all US bills with a 1
He's obviously giving a period of instruction by way of demonstrating. 1
Fine. 1
I guess people just need to stop hurting themselves. 1
NO... 1
Cause evil Trump is racist and want to kill black people 1
I'm sure the next generations growing up in these areas will adore the entire western civilization for this. 1
People seeking treatment for mental health are known to make rational decisions... right? 1
Core values...and Mitt Romney in the same sentence.... you're so cute. 1
News flash; women can't keep secrets. 1
Well then all those Jew loving republicans better vote for him then. 1
This is huge. 1
Which is why you stop Muslims in airports and blacks on the streets! 1
...because accepting or rejecting an argument based upon nothing other than the person/organization making it is completely rational! 1
Nothing sexist there! 1
I'm in an Union and work weekends.. Damn Union.. 1
It's a good thing all of her scandals are done and there are no more emails or anything left 1
That's why if they just all die we could all save money 1
yea I mean pictures like this certainly prove that Obama is reacting fast enough 1
Sounds fair and balanced. 1
Only a Pentagon shill would say that! 1
But Trump is totally a secret liberal and actually is to the left of Clinton. 1
Good thing there is no way you can change something that is in the constitution. 1
Yeah... The rising median wage at a time when the entire world's developed countries are seeing thay shrink is really hurting the working class... 1
Obviously you're not an alpha 1
They clearly haven't seen one of the countless interviews where Kellyanne Conway informed us that Trump has a mandate. 1
When glenn beck is the voice of reason for the GOP...... what a time to be alive. 1
But camping is a legitimate strategy! 1
It's fine Trump is playing 4D chess and will use them all for his plans. 1
but new york and california... 1
Damned GOP and their long game..... 1
Surely her arrest will get as much coverage as the hoax 1
Crooks have rights too and having lobbyists is a right. 1
But besides those three undeniable things..... 1
Because he's literally worse than Hitler and someone called him a racist. 1
Didn't see this coming.... 1
This isn't Michael Bay presents the DNC Debate.. 1
this is so obviously hate speech you adolf hitler loving fuck 1
Didn't you know libel laws only apply to liberals. 1
yeah look at the great things that have happened in other unstaffed departments 1
RAND PAUL HATES BLACK PEOPLE 1
Yeah because Google searches = primary votes. 1
Lol nice 1
Really looking forward to military strikes in response to any Trump building being attacked abroad! 1
Standard when conducting a security review. 1
Clearly Trump is trying to protect us all from feeling ashamed about how dumb we all are if we see his awesome taxes and how genius he *really* is... 1
And smart people are ruining this country. 1
Isn't Aleppo someone who's skin falls off? 1
This is not the republicans fault - it the democrats/poor black people/democrats posing as republicans/republicans who aren't conservative enough/panda bears fault. 1
Muh freedom 1
Remember white collar crime isn't real crime. 1
That's all that matters. 1
"A new ""fact"" is now firmly established in Alaska." 1
i forgot the 1
I hope you forgot to tag that with 1
Raise money 27 dollars at a time duh /eyeroll 1
As opposed to democrats who would never use cheap talking points rather talk about actual legislation. 1
Wigg? 1
You're just a cuck with low energy who does terrible terrible deals and will never make America great. 1
She is so dumb for quoting him verbatim 1
Shocking result. 1
Just like Romney's. 1
Drain the swamp! 1
WHY DO YOU HATE LIBERTY 1
But that's all Obama's fault because he won't compromise! 1
How dare you call undocumented aliens illegal just because they are here illegally. 1
She'll never win the presidency now... 1
This wouldn't have happened if kindergardeners were allowed to carry guns! 1
"Trump heard that ""lizard people"" secretly run everything so he figured having a guy named ""Newt"" on his team might help him cash in on that." 1
Yes that would be so much harder to get what he wanted if you stood up for it. 1
More like the Fifth Amendment 1
Who better to deal with liars and crooks in Washington than a liar and crook? 1
Religious whites would never do such a thing. 1
Everyone knows Rasmussan has been a liberal rag since the 1950s soo..... 1
Yeah but the economy grow so fast so we will make up for that debt with the greatness so 1
But by giving free contraception you are violating my freedon of religion. 1
But trump is Hitler! 1
It's clear in this case that the president should have fellated the marine. 1
You forgot the 1
Facts just get in the way; just join them in being angry. 1
Hopefully they'll get this figured out when we see them again in five weeks. 1
You must have had some huge debates with all those people calling her extremely careless then. 1
Advertising a sale to Jews...clever marketing 1
only if you are carrynig an AR-15 1
Damn cyclists 1
Yeah too bad you can't vote for a party that you don't agree with every policy 100% 1
This isn't democracy dammit. 1
Yea I'm sure Trumps Medicare for all plan will be great once he pulls it out of his ass 1
Rape isn't torture 1
Isn't Hillary the bought candidate? 1
But it's Hillary's turn! 1
"He's a cranky old Jew; this is as ""nice"" as he gets!" 1
they're just bribing millions of people with aids medication 1
I've heard their supporters all believe the same thing. 1
Like all those stupid polls that showed Obama ahead of Romney when everyone knew from Fox and Rush that Mitt was way ahead. 1
If you remember far enough back it is just like the 'bimbo eruptions' the vast right wing conspiracy conjured up to besmirch the chaste Bill Clinton way back when 1
Changing the conversation tho 1
Your forgot 1
I mean he was at fault for ISIS forming over 20 years ago 1
He is going to have such a great alli in the House when he wins. 1
But breaking the law and ruining a kid's life is worth it to get those society-destroying psychedelics off the streets! 1
It sure is here in the Bible Belt... 1
Are you implying the Hospital CEO's don't deserve $20 million per year! 1
color me surprised.. 1
Gotta maintain that white supremacy by weeding out those who are actually good people. 1
Finally a serious crime she can be arrested over. 1
You make it sound like the *bernie* people haven't been paying attention smh 1
What an elegant solution 1
Clearly he's in her pocket. 1
Sometimes as a politician you have to make tough votes. 1
TIL there is nothing in between command and free market economies 1
I'm sure it'll be fine when Trump gets into the WH. 1
The ones that have created a strong economy and job growth 1
That's perfectly logical. 1
No one saw this coming. 1
I'm shocked. 1
He's obviously lazy. 1
Hope &amp; change 1
here's your 1
He was a National **Socialist** Party of Lincoln 2016! 1
Well they're going to hell then. 1
But we totally need to finance the highly specified defense industry lest our economy suffer 1
But I thought Obama was a Muslim? 1
"Yeah but ""sticking it to the Washington elite"" was worth it!" 1
Very tolerant of you 1
Marijuana is only bad when minorities smoke it... 1
WRONG. 1
You can keep your leftist liberal mirror to yourself. 1
The Stazi was a good idea - Cruz. 1
Trump will definitely win the woman vote this way! 1
Surely you don't want your money going to lazy black people-er I mean *ahem* lazy inner city people. 1
It must have been made up by all the money you have been paid to do so. 1
"You obviously haven't read the ""Art of the Deal.""" 1
Boy I really worked extra hard for that inheritance. 1
Everyone knows Washington DC and the surrounding areas are known for the low low crime and violence. 1
What an educated and well thought out argument in cartoon form 1
The GOP saving us from peace and prosperity again. 1
Of course you do! 1
But it was just an honorary position that meant nothing! 1
So they aren't great if you are going left! 1
Just wait until after the debates. 1
Yeah because giving the nuclear codes to a lunatic is the right way to go 1
Comparing an 8 year voting record to a 30+ year one is obviously the same. 1
Sound logic 1
Right just like how Obama pandered to the parents of the Newtown shootings victims when he met with them 1
We yeah because it was totally that J. Kerry right wingers wanted locked up. 1
I just really feel like she had a better chance of winning 1
The money we're going to get from his huge tax cut! 1
But I voted for Harambe because I'm morally superior to give my vote to flawed candidate such as Clinton! 1
It's the fault of the poor people for not working harder. 1
By being a black man. 1
"""What do [African Americans] have to lose?""" 1
It better be the new female Ghostbusters because if it was the old male Ghostbusters that would be sexist. 1
Relax we're only a week in. 1
"""He wavered!""" 1
So communism? 1
Oh shit Obama is starting the liberal coup d'etat. 1
You forgot the 1
Probably lives in the South 1
He forgot his 1
I'm glad at least one person still understands sarcasm without cheating by adding 1
 1
And the mainstream media is totally ignoring him! 1
Yeah but you had a choice in being gay....stop being gay and it'll be ok 1
Thanks President Trump! 1
They'd just spend it on socialist stuff and big words. 1
come on - it was obviously just locker room talk 1
Of course... I've always agreed that the way to combat fraud is by eliminating all government funding and punishing everyone including the innocent rather than prosecuting those who commit crime. 1
I'm still waiting for someone to tell me what Elizabeth Warren has done to deserve praise. 1
That can be said for all businessmen 1
You forgot the 1
your theory fails to take into account the utter lack of logic in everything else they have done. 1
But bro they didn't know about assault rifles back then! 1
You forgot the 1
And what a great job they've done. 1
Luckily trump is totally putting her in prison... 1
Yeah forget about clinton's sound bite focus on Bernie's sound bite 1
What about the ban-homework bill and the you-can't-ground-me amendment? 1
Well it WAS her turn 1
Hilldawg doesn't need your commie bernouts! 1
"It's all just ""words"" until they are trumps words then they're facts" 1
Clinton will let ISIS vote in the November election making it rigged while on her deathbed. 1
oh yeah let's not do any research on new ways of doing what we need! 1
Vote 5th Party! 1
Clearly Everhart knows more about being a lesbian than you. 1
No we just need to elect Bernie and that will fix everything. 1
Not enough upboats. 1
The Clinton standard 1
"""Rioter""" 1
Yes and you sound like a mature grownup........ 1
So either way she'll vote for a Republican? 1
I am going to be so good that all of ISIS will come to love me and will vote for me... 1
But then they might not have heard the good word about how liberals suck and hate America. 1
Maybe they just need to pull themselves up by their bootstraps 1
"I watch Beck so I'm pretty sure the word is ""Oligarh"" you ignorant fuck." 1
yeah fuck those Native Americans SJWs offended by someone insulting their own heritage 1
nobody knows if pollution is real. 1
What could possibly go wrong? 1
Yeah too bad Bush took those days off instead of advancing his agenda even more... 1
You dropped the 1
I guarantee you HRC will be the honored on stage guest at their opening performance 1
It's all for our safety and to fight terrorists 1
Well obviously any paper that doesn't enthusiastically endorse Trump is a rag. 1
But if they chant it even *louder* then that equals a landslide since the universal law that energetic votes count more than any other votes (lawn signs too) 1
Well banks can't be put in jail because they aren't people. 1
Thank god for that doctor and his ethical and moral clarity. 1
This in no way relates to a certain portion of liberals in modern society. 1
Totally the same thing! 1
That's what you call unintended consequences. 1
yeah california actually grows stuff other than corn tho so it totally doesn't count 1
But Trump said they would protect LGBT community and the convention cheered. 1
"Liberal media bias changed the word ""literally"" to mean literal" 1
The leader of the party with big ideas! 1
Yeah but it's all a hoax tho 1
Oliver North is an American Hero for selling those weapons to Iran. 1
You just sound jealous! 1
big surprise he's part of the Tea party 1
Shut up you n*gger f*ggot 1
of course it had nothing to do with the re-election of Obama. 1
Democrats would never stoop to that level 1
They were busy trying to get rid of the Electoral College. 1
The GOP is creating jobs for funeral homes you idiots! 1
The Secret Service is a bunch of Liberals! 1
Because we know that all conservatives use the dow as their sole barometer of the nations economic health. 1
I'm sure that answer would be *completely* satisfactory for someone with a dead family member. 1
I thought FEMA already built those for us? 1
Rules are for brown people. 1
i can hear those Hispanic votes for the GOP flooding in already! 1
*BECAUSE HES A CREATIONIST* 1
because everyone knows that if this man didnt have a gun he would have all of a sudden changed his views on hating gay people and wouldnt have just found another way to kill them.... 1
But being a politician = bad and being an outsider = automatically good. 1
Just the brown ones 1
... and THEIR Reptilian masters also! 1
this must be that liberal bias in the media everyone is always talking about. 1
The evidence is that the democratic party is fundamentally good so they must want what he thinks is good 1
Might be part of his plan to ensure reelection 1
Cancer is just a cover up by the liberal establishment for killing true patriots with secret poisons delivered in the watersupply. 1
LOL k. Totally irrelevant. 1
But her opinion is the only right one and just one you heretic! 1
I know DC got safer when they banned guns altogether 1
Let's be kind and just figure it is alzheimer's and his short term memory is shot. 1
If only the democrats could win over women voters. 1
i totally believe this description is a fair analysis of Clinton's plans. 1
Sexist much 1
Let's start wars for fun instead of profit. 1
Get out of here with your common sense troll 1
You forgot the 1
This is definitely a quality that I look for in a president 1
Fuck you and your facts! 1
What a great well supported point... 1
Well yeah all rich people are dangerous and evil 1
...except for the secret one in the basement of the White House of course. 1
I'm happy to sacrifice my fee-fees if it means we can get some more Klan members in office. 1
We all know that these net neutrality laws are just paying for underage abortions at Planned Parenthoods nationwide 1
BOOTSTRAPS 1
what a thoughtful retort 1
Because government overreach OMG no! 1
We're gonna Make Stadia Great Again! 1
You forgot the 1
Isn't that govt in our lives? 1
Because states laws = Freeeeedoooom! 1
Same thing 1
Another massive conspiracy. 1
"Expected Fox News headline : ""Attack on Heterosexuality""." 1
this is why I'm voting for Hillary twice... 1
Think of all the jobs hes creating in law enforcement! 1
This argument never gets old 1
This is so great it doesn't need citations for it! 1
Wow your anecdotal evidence is worth so much! 1
Like a secret heart attack gun. 1
Because it definitely isn't a part of his campaign's entire message of corruption of banks &amp; politicians. 1
But those magical gun free zone stickers are proven to work so much better! 1
This is just the anecdotal evidence I needed to see to realize we need to get rid of minimum wages 1
Good thing there weren't any of those nutjobs with CCWs there or things might have got out of hand and innocent bystanders would have been shot by those untrained yahoos. 1
I think ya'll dropped this. 1
Unlike for-profit healthcare with a 40 year record of *always* putting the needs of patients first. 1
They must have been traumatized after the shooting.....the cops that is. 1
"""It makes her smart"" ?" 1
Telling people that their own efforts are not a factor in their own success is a surefire way to win them over to your way of thinking. 1
Trump tries to remain relevant while polls continue to slide 1
"You cant be held responsible for something you ""don't recall""" 1
kgb spy 1
Is the poster making the nearly sacrilegious claim that more guns and a free shot law is not decreasing gun deaths? 1
Dear Lord you dropped this 1
They're military style weapons... Get it right. 1
That's sexist 1
Hillary is just being held to a different standard by being requested to go on Fox with Sanders. 1
Seattleites are pretty upset about the lack of Wal-Marts too... 1
Last I heard Kenya isn't that urban of a place 1
Baptism is basically waterboarding. 1
Gerrymandering of states 1
What does that word mean? 1
for real 50% of the country is nazi 1
Thats great news... you never hear anything negative about our power grid's cyber security 1
Yea I know with Sharia law sweeping this nation thats important 1
So we'd be safe? 1
I Dropped this 1
But we are the good guys! 1
Forgot the 1
I for one am in utter shock that these fine institutions would stoop to such a low level to deceive consumers and benefit themselves financially. 1
Hey he was accused and being sued then for some reason the person pulled out that law suit... Its obvious that trump threatened her with the secret police! 1
So insightful. 1
Yes not like LGBT couples can have abusive relationships. 1
Didn't you know that there is literally no Gay Rights issue other than same-sex marriage? 1
Nahh...Canadians should stop spreading their logic and reason. 1
But it has Bernie Sanders in the title so of course it's good content. 1
you forgot to add 1
Yeah she has so much to lose... 1
No Shit? 1
Yeah because my dad can totally just quit his job at the university 1
Sabotage! 1
You've convinced me. 1
That's why libertarians all identify as liberals.... 1
but then we'd have to end our war in afghanistan... :( 1
Can't wait to play Minecraft and Farmville on my Alienware PC ! 1
It okay cause Google is a private company and they can show bias in their search results. 1
She asked for it 1
We could have saved 50 Billion... 1
The coin was rigged! 1
Yeah like the time they made fun of Trump and said he would ruin the country. 1
No they were just being uppity 1
Must be true. 1
Good thing we hear about this on reddit. 1
It must be all the safe spaces available on college campuses. 1
We have one. 1
GOD BLESS AMERICA LAND THAT I LOVE STAND BESIDE HER AND GUIDE HER... 1
Leave these job creators alone! 1
Don't worry - he'll refund the money 1
I'm sure they were just as upset with all the hours Bush spent on his Texas ranch cutting brush. 1
Because that's logical and not completely batshit. 1
I wonder how many bots Bernie employed to upvote this post 1
Can we keep civil forfeiture in place but only for the real drug dealers. 1
Maybe they should just work harder 1
Riiight... not at all like Trump himself. 1
Yeah and that's exactly the same as the near extermination of an entire people plus the mass executions of blacks and homosexuals! 1
Yes because pushing sexuality protections in ENDA under the Bush Presidency was a winner 1
they were going to take our jobs anyway 1
They were supposed to fall in line 1
I hope Giant Meteor shows up unannounced to one of the debates. 1
I thought editorializing titles was welcomed here in r /politics? 1
Proving what a great president he would be. 1
What a great defense 1
but it's just a right wing conspiracy that the media is biased. 1
Alex Jones is a false flag by the government to make conspiracy theorists seem crazy! 1
Wow... way too chill and level-headed of a comment. 1
B..but you can't be racists towards whites! 1
Your being dramatic. 1
Another brilliant political play by Boner. 1
But youll have a better time! 1
I'm sure this has really turned a lot of folks onto the Bernie campaign! 1
That website looks all kinds of trustworthy. 1
I haven't seen this posted yet. 1
Ethics in journalism. 1
And according to them there's no such thing as white privilege either. 1
You forgot the 1
Haha you forgot the 1
Aren't Hillary's Supreme Court nominees even more scary? 1
I'm sure big tobacco had nothing to do with this 1
It's great how they talk about the TPP all the time 1
Oh I disagree he just better not be caught hugging an African American President. 1
We didn't lose anybody in Benghazi. 1
Yeah because clearly the only choices are conservative and liberal and nothing else. 1
I forgot the 1
First thing I said when I heard of the nightclub shootings and the death of Dwayne's cousin was 'oh my god Trump WAS right!' 1
No bias in this comment 1
But PBS and planned parenthood are job killing porkfat that must be eliminated! 1
Right because there's so much of that going on 1
that anecdote definitely refutes the point that he made... 1
Yes because Ryan has over 30 years foreign policy experience and is a seasoned debater. 1
yea let's go more extreme right and that'll check all that wall street money that's currently corrupting our gov 1
Thanks fox news! 1
Im with her! 1
Good luck. 1
I feel so much safer now. 1
Yeah I wished they talked about her e-mails more 1
Bernie or bust though! 1
Something something.. Just copying Ron Paul... I mean sanders.. 1
Because birth certificates were not a thing when he was born. 1
im sure you're a hit with the ladies with that attitude 1
She was a moderate up until 10/13/2015 1
Man I cant wait to read about the details on CNN and MSNBC. 1
"Good thing Hillary says she'll ""pragmatically compromise"" with them in order to ""get things done""." 1
I should've added an 1
He's doing a good job by continuing to attack the women accusing him. 1
What does running for President have to do with it? 1
But she started a discussion! 1
But she has 3 million more votes ! 1
Just wait till the wall goes up! 1
Because those are Muslim nations and then we can keep Muslims out of the Christian nations 1
Yeah he definitely caused the racial divisiveness. 1
You forgot this: 1
What a sellout 1
They would demand his birth certificate 1
We just need to love the terrorists more 1
we were blown away by your subtlety 1
FASCIST PIECE OF SHIT! 1
I'd rather vote for a murderer than someone with a private email server 1
I think you dropped this: 1
Source? 1
What a crazy pants-on-head cuckoo bird that Bernie Sanders guy is! 1
But it will be good for American BusinessTM! 1
Yes cause Romney would stop that... 1
BUT REMEMBER BOTH PARTIES DO IT AND ARE THE SAME GUYS!1! 1
It's also PotUS... oh wait 1
Man... i wonder which party is going to make this an issue? 1
Sounds like small government to me. 1
I too find it funny when the us government accuses a foreign government of trying to interfere with their elections. 1
that's what the new gun control laws are for. 1
If it is bad for Republicans it didn't happen. 1
Those American born robots are really going to help the American working class find jobs. 1
He's black 1
But Hillary has clearly bought them all off! 1
You forgot the 1
Well at least the insurance company saved some money. 1
You forgot the 1
Trumps not gonna take us into war like that hawk hillary. 1
*_I think he should seek a declaratory judgment._* 1
Where is your 1
But the files were not on an email server so it's all good. 1
Cause that's worked out soooo well. 1
Can you stop making the Bernie Bros think for themselves already... Geez! 1
it's just a joke people stop being so PC. 1
They are guilty of thought crimes! 1
Yes that fact is a bulletproof defense! 1
"""Liberals"" are being intolerant by not tolerating people's intolerance." 1
BUT THINK OF THE CHILDREN! 1
and that's why the good people of LA and NY should protect their 2nd amendment right to carry concealed nukes. 1
Pfft next they'll be asking him to apologize for freedom! 1
Don't know why they didn't get a purple heart when those losers speaking did. 1
But Trump's not a politician! 1
Yes because 22 year olds are not impressionable at all when being seduced by the most powerful man in the world in his 40s 1
It's not real news unless its biased towards Trump! 1
You forgot the 1
I mean what else could they do? 1
Most likely the work of liberals! 1
"What they obviously need are ... ""more tax cuts.""" 1
You forgot your 1
"How about ""Malcontent peasants""" 1
Gosh darn those pesky gotcha questions! 1
I'm sure they wouldn't mind you using them to make your point either. 1
It's good to see he's taking a break from trying to find out if Obama is a citizen to do some real police work... 1
Seems like no ties to Russia to me. 1
Why would I trust an old white man with a Girl's name? 1
Sound logic 1
everyone who watches CSI knows that live victims can contaminate a crime scene. 1
She just wants to do that so we all get irradiated. 1
But if there is a demand for cheaper soda capitalism should be producing restaurants that sell such cheaper soda right? 1
Trump hasn't said anything about the wage gap. 1
I can hear Jesus Christ saying those exact words 1
Well with half their viewers not getting the channel maybe they missed some folks. 1
Because you aren't smart like trump 1
My ar15 will totally protect me from a drone fired missile. 1
You forgot your 1
Those military folk - 'takers' too... 1
But all my food just magically appears at the supermarket. 1
Time for a megathread! 1
That's too hard though 1
I'm sure that the results of this report will lead to civility and finally put the matter to rest... 1
Yeah we should absolutely make someone leave the country for thinking differently and having the nerve to actually use that silly old free speech thing. 1
Yes: Both sides are the same. 1
I'm sure a solutions-oriented guy like Cruz will have no problem getting legislation passed to fix this. 1
*puts on tinfoil hat* And a muslim immigrant from Syria 1
No no the that 91c/o are cucks who haven't seen the glory of the 'god-emperor' Trump and the beautiful Ivanka yet 1
Backwoods website random unnamed sources...I believe it. 1
I thought we were just supposed to count all of the women and black people for Clinton. 1
Dont forget the 1
Yeah they should pass something like CISPA to keep reddit from every doing this kind of damage again. 1
uh huh RIGGED 1
Well it worked didn't it? 1
He plays WAY too much golf. 1
Because all Hillary supporters are paid shills 1
No shit dumbass that's how you win debates. 1
We need to ban all Brits until we can figure this out 1
Why on earth would the DOJ be interested in a an admittedly deliberate (by a sitting congressman) attempt to falsify information for the purpose of obstructing and misleading a congressional investigation? 1
Clearly they were Clinton plants who were pretending to be white supremacists 1
You dropped this: 1
A lower sales tax should make up for that! 1
Yeah because the war on drugs is going just great. 1
Well this will certainly help his campaign. 1
And this (just like people who loudly pray in public) is the mark of a true patriot 1
Good to see the serious candidates are entering the race. 1
Your provincial flags all being some variation of a beaver over a maple leaf 1
Yep since most bills that pass through a committee end up being passed and signed 1
But... But... But... Socialism! 1
It's not illegal if you don't get caught! 1
...and money will fall from the sky and we'll all live happily ever after! 1
you forgot the 1
Didn't Obama take all their guns? 1
Because she is a woman! 1
I'm sure they'd volunteer because it's the right thing to do. 1
They don't want to work and they steal our jobs! 1
Yes ... because they have it so bad as it stands now. 1
How very tolerant of them. 1
ahh.. Unregulated Capitalism... The market solves all problems... 1
You forgot the 1
"You mean ""preventing illegals from voting"" right?" 1
By super pacs you mean all the small donations that make up the majority of her campaign support? 1
good thing you have the same opinions as everyone else 1
And putting out tax records showing earned income from Goldman was such evil. 1
But then what about my free speech? 1
Sounds perfect for Trumps cabinet! 1
You forgot the 1
Whitey had it coming 1
Yeah but in cities with a high Hispanic population you get all those gross Bimbo cookies taking up shelf space at the convenience store. 1
You're being ridiculous 1
Cucked. 1
I don't suppose it's still early enough to pass an emergency law abolishing the electoral college and letting us use pure popular vote for elections? 1
Don't forget the Mexicans! 1
But what about the profit? 1
Yea your simplistic comment really boils things down 1
It worked so well for Andrew Johnson 1
Sorry....forgot to add the 1
Why do you hate free speech? 1
Gotta watch out for the Prime Minister elbowing people though. 1
Trump causing violence yet again. 1
Yeah the implications were super subtle 1
Democrats dont do this ever. 1
"Hillary will insist on adding an ""h"" to the end of all words." 1
Howard stern... now theres somebody we can trust and look up to 1
I'm so sorry you had to sell your soul to the system to be able to vote 1
The NFL obviously wouldn't have paid shills. 1
James is now in conference with Republican leaders to make more fake videos. 1
UNSUBSTATIATED FAKE NEWS RAHSUGHSIDG 1
He did mention building a wall and making Mexico pay for it 1
Why would anyone ever want any state to be sovereign? 1
SHADDUP BOFE PARTIS ARE TEH SAEM M8 1
Damn busybodies. 1
I couldn't imagine that based on your username 1
Yeah they're both the same. 1
Don't argue with someone who clearly knows more than us all. 1
"Maybe there could be a cottage industry to pay people (crowdsourced of course) in ""Trump strongholds"" to protest." 1
Glad she thought it through when voting. 1
Just kep doing wht the Rich people tell you I guess... 1
They're being petulant! 1
And that worked out well for him 1
Hopefully the anti-vaxxers can unite and send a little cash Trumps way 1
Because clearly she is at fault here. 1
Not so viciously anymore 1
Reagan was a RINO. 1
ignorable 1
Yeah...that's why. 1
And he's got s bridge to sell you 1
I'm voting for Stein for her thoughts on 9/11 being an inside job 1
Clean water must cost money. 1
You dropped this 1
Well I guess that's one way to teach parents a lesson. 1
that must be why public school teachers are paid such extravagant salaries..... 1
He sounds like just the kind of cool and level headed person we need. 1
No Hillary supporters aren't radical 1
Everyone who doesn't like Hillary is a racist! 1
But but but she's more electable. 1
Shocking 1
"It's called ""making America great again"" you elitist." 1
Such an original joke 1
I Love America! 1
Vermin Supreme? 1
and I am sure the Republicans who wasted millions of dollars having a thousand investigations over Benghazi will be sure to question Comey on his partisan efforts 1
That's a false equivalency strawman ad hominem! 1
You forgot your 1
RIGGED 1
Not raising the debt ceiling : economic terrorism . 1
Look at that Trump bringing armed security jobs back to America. 1
But we have a thousand years of coal! 1
Well of course they are voting for Jill... who else is going to take a stand and ban Wi-Fi to protect the children. 1
Let's jail this guy for incitement 1
I feel safe. 1
Will this be a Katie Couric moment? 1
ARREST RON PAUL 2012! 1
Better to vote in an extremely easy to corrupt way that leaves no evidence behind 1
Typical liberal media bias 1
Why do you want free stuff? 1
We will all be wearing burqas tomorrow amiright? 1
Just like how a black person lost to her in 2008 because the demographics weren't in his favor. 1
Don't forget the entitled millenials and the lazy unemployed. 1
Yea but none of the hate has sexist undertones at all. 1
Why don't you ask Florida 1
But... Nobody wants to take away your guns! 1
140% illegal alien Muslims? 1
Preventing poor blacks from building in flood planes is just gentrification by another name. 1
But what has $hillary done to EARN my vote! 1
because weed is worst than raping little kids 1
"""internet experts"" So basically reddit." 1
I wonder who is downvoting this story. 1
The classic liberal strategy at work 1
Because the federal worker is evil just like teachers etc... 1
Yea and it has nothing to do with homophobia 1
Gerd damn Liberals fear mongering to advance their policies. 1
But he's *so* fetch. 1
Wrong! 1
Yes but only because the brave Republicans in Congress stopped him from enacting his policies that would have forced 70% to accept welfare after surrendering their guns and being gay married to a Muslim cleric under sharia law. 1
Especially since it works so well 1
He will def Make America Great Again^^TM 1
CNN is now clearly part of the liberal media out to get Christie. 1
This is a reasonable opinion. 1
Couldn't have gone any better if it was planned. 1
Oh yes because they're stopped now. 1
Because now there's proof that they're coming fer our guuns! 1
Because third times the charm! 1
You forgot the 1
Enjoy Thanksgiving! 1
You say that like it's a bad thing. 1
I want to know what the pollsters say so I know whether or not I need to stop Facebooking on the couch and actually go out to cast a vote! 1
More proof that Jews run the world. 1
How very democratic of you. 1
I dunno but let's all blame one team or the other! 1
but he's never done anything wrong 1
"it's their ""punishment"" for having sex" 1
Math is for pussies! 1
You forgot 1
Not Goddamned fast enough..... 1
Not gonna downvote you for taking my joke away dumbass 1
Nothing like a drought to bring out the worst in terrorists 1
Yeah that's definitely the logical explanation. 1
Yes because a political primary race is the equivalent of fucking braveheart. 1
... happy days are here again 1
Your Tax Dollars at Work 1
Socialism! 1
It's a big handout to the Chinese~! 1
Nothing like the clinton foundation 1
Wtf I love fat shaming now! 1
"Thanks to all those ""professionals"" he's hired." 1
That's why Hillary pushed for single payer healthcare and Bill tried to let gays serve openly in the military. 1
Yeah Illinois is known for their honest and virtuous public servants ...he definitely wanted to do good but just changed when he got into power 1
Yeah Lincoln sure terrorized African-Americans 1
Cleary shills 1
But her donors are those industries so she won't do anything to hurt them right! 1
Because they work harder than everyone else 1
I'd be happy if we silence anyone who disagrees. 1
Did....did you have a stroke writing that? 1
If you don't support Israel 100% that means you hate Jews. 1
But can dank beams melt steel memes? 1
We pay them more because private industry is *more efficient*...right? 1
Maybe he's playing 4D chess and we can't see it. 1
Almost seems like the democrats should have gone with another candidate that people like....................................... I wish we had one of those.................................................... 1
Because Comey said she didn't do any thing wrong DUH 1
Says who? 1
So you're saying we need more private rehab clinics. 1
Who cares that people are happy right? 1
Michigan has a militia! 1
This doesn't sound like a shill response at all 1
yeah the coastal cities are flooded but damn these libural tears are so delicious. 1
3/5ths don't want it to look bad. 1
No what's mature and functional is how sanders supporters have acted this entire campaign. 1
Utah is just trying to make casting for Teenage Mum easier. 1
Guest house for Bill's wimminz 1
Shouldn't we first ask bankers what they think? 1
Nothing like abusing government power to make people more willing to accept more restrictions on their constitutional right to defend against a corrupt government. 1
You're misogynistic for even suggesting that! 1
You forgot your 1
And not running his business while being POTUS 1
They learned it from watching Congress apparently. 1
To be fair they are reviewing everyone's emails and I mean everyone. 1
That's because literally all the millions of people who didn't vote for her are idiots and racists. 1
I wonder what his position on it is? 1
That's the spirit! 1
She is probably getting all uppity about not having to ride in the back of the bus too. 1
Go big orange! 1
They never were before! 1
True presidential temperament 1
"""Both parties are the same!""" 1
Well obviously they just haven't started enough Facebook groups to be effective yet! 1
Ebola is God's punishment on Texas for giving Human Rights to Mexicans and Wimmen.... wait... that's not right 1
...but I though Citizens United said that money literally buys elections 1
Ya man fuck those people struggling to pay bills or put food on the table because their gov't screwed them over 1
Most of them are rapists 1
She is anonymous right now so how could that threat mean anything? 1
Unlike Sanders who has a totally sane tax plan. 1
Its so wrong that even Paul Ryan came out against it 1
Yeah there is no way trump will ignore his security briefings leading to another terrorist attack on us soil which will then galvanise the rest of the reactionary idiots in this country behind him. 1
When asked to comment Trump was seen to pull his eyes into slits and mocking... *oooh Hirrary is crawshing me oooh...* yes 1
The Clinton Foundation isn't paying these people to just sit around and correct these things all day! 1
Yeah I'm sure he'll get right on that 1
Great source; we all stand corrected! 1
such a controversial opinion! 1
But isn't that communism? 1
I thought they was the same peoples 1
sh bb 1
She's going rogue guys. 1
Comment of the year candidate 1
Just another example of the most transparent politician in history. 1
Thanks Obama! 1
clearly he just misspoke. 1
"Oh you liberals and your ""political correctness""" 1
Just don't believe the garbage the media tells you. 1
Bring on that police state! 1
"Obviously from her ""free insulin for everyone"" speech..." 1
Alot of details and elaborations right here fokes 1
Who cares about how leading Saudi Arabia is with women's rights... this website is atrocious! 1
Draining dat swamp 1
Yeah there's been no outrage about the Clinton Foundation. 1
Speak American when you're in America! 1
Not like lawyers know anything about debating their side of an argument or statement 1
Science Schmience 1
"My favorite: ""Let's Just Let Trump Speak""" 1
They might be trying to draw the Hindu symbol rather than the Nazi one. 1
why would he do that 1
I don't think you understand that rules of conduct don't apply to me. 1
Are you trying to tell me that someone who suggested that family members of terrorists are fair game is a sociopath? 1
But that one R-Asmussen poll says that Trump is going to win in a landslide just like Romney did! 1
But don't you want your country back? 1
Because an ambassador's life is much more important than hundreds of troops. 1
but how does that explain the concession speech being longer? 1
Who has time for that? 1
All that republican propaganda getting your head 1
That makes total sense given that Ayn Rand was a rabid atheist. 1
Her collapsing today was a lie then... now the pneumonia is a lie... 1
If Obama didn't hate white people then he would have the decency to be white himself! 1
Trump's plan all along? 1
How sexist? 1
I'm sure that's exactly what he meant. 1
Well she did call for the special elite forces protecting the ambassador to stand down when the terrorists were pointing their AK-47s at him. 1
I'm just glad we have all this money to spend! 1
it's the librul or lame stream media's fault. 1
I'm sorry if being all happy go lucky with LGBT people isn't my first priority in looking for someone to vote for. 1
I like petulant childs that weren't captured! 1
Trump won the debate. 1
Journalism at its finest ladies and gentlemen! 1
well I'm glad he at least **got the approval of Corporate Overlords** before doing anything! 1
i'm sure everyone will remember Samuel J. Tilden as winning the popular vote and not Rutherford B. Hayes for winning the presidency 1
So glad Hillary used her convention to showcase new talent like Obama had the opportunity in 2004. 1
That's why he'll win NJ! 1
This looks like a reputable source. 1
BUT SUPERDELEGATS 1
Really bringing out the big guns today aren't we guys 1
I really hope that was satire and you just left off the 1
Are you sure? 1
Time to up the racism to counteract the sexism 1
Well clearly their rapist have too much consumer power and it's making them rapists. 1
You decide 1
This is obviously a false flag to shame them into silence. 1
"Barbour: ""I always use racial slurs when talking about the President of the US.""" 1
Family values candidates ride again. 1
I'm sure the same process would happen if Clinton won... 1
A well thought out and rational contribution to the discussion 1
Just like we can refrain people who's jobs were lost to free trade! 1
You can do that? 1
Yeah if only they knew what was good for them... 1
I think we should make the gov't fix it! 1
\#GopFiscalResponsibility ^^ 1
Yeah because racist idiots are capable of critical thinking 1
But random mentions of Pizza ...welp let's take loaded weapons into a pizza store. 1
I think trump forgot to add the 1
Glad to see my hometown on the front page of Reddit... 1
Nothing but professionalism and integrity from this guy. 1
I guess the market will sort it out. 1
Damn illegal immigrants sneaking across the south border and taking all our gardening and fruit picking jobs... 1
Always with the Canadians bragging how good they got it. 1
It's ok when a Republican does it. 1
you forgot 1
The only way to fix this is obviously to elect more democrats and make government larger 1
You mean they don't care deeply about the health and safety of the Israelis? 1
Yeah unlike r/politics where we rationally discuss multiple points of view without fear of censorship 1
Just tax the rich and provide free hookers for the middle class! 1
So we need to add an extra tax of 50% of the income to all GLBT to pay for this. 1
Government is good/god. 1
THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE 1
I just can't wait to see when whoever leaked this gets the Bradley Manning treatment. 1
But.....terrorists 1
Congrats to HRC for having the foresight to not launch Clinton U.... Now I'll vote Clinton 1
Like when Rosa Parks rode the bus for 20 years while refusing to pay and threatening anyone who tried to collect. 1
Its a Joke! 1
Because telling it like it is makes someone a great President... 1
It's not like people have lost their jobs over smaller things 1
Must all be part of Trump's plan 1
She would only be following the Clinton tradition! 1
Well you know the caps are justified because Cisco charges royalty fees for every packet that passes over the router. 1
Well we should give her the nuclear codes immediately 1
Well you know sanders was never attacked for being a socialist so.... 1
I think this means your a communist. 1
Because things can only happen if there is precedence 1
Comey is obviously Russian. 1
Maybe that means it's working? 1
Well it looks like another failed attempt at socialism... Maybe if you try it in America it will work better 1
But...but...he said that Pence was his first choice... 1
THANKS OBAMA 1
But we did so well in Korea and Vietnam... 1
Oh wow whatever shall we do! 1
the system works! 1
That why I only watch CNN! 1
Who need intelligence briefings when they have Google and Yandex? 1
Who knew outsourcing your campaign's IT jobs to the Geek Squad would end so badly? 1
Pray for Ben Carson! 1
Very informative 1
Yes it's a joke. 1
At least we have Israel's support! 1
So happy that I moved to this state... 1
I'm sick of the opressed oil companies being at the mercy of underpaid college professors! 1
...and Jill Stein would have won the election if so many were not discouraged to vote (or were just removed from the roles). 1
Can't be trouble in Iraq... the surge worked remember? 1
Well I have the utmost confidence she will listen to the voters and pick Sanders 1
Because that was the only thing that went wrong with the whole Katrina scenario. 1
I mean what else is he going to do until Jan 20? 1
Clearly he's in good company. 1
Well If the US buys Denmark can we haz it back 1
Everyone knows those are the 3 states he needs to win.... 1
Yeah no doubt .... 1
AJE is state sponsored terrorist propaganda! 1
Dude... it was 1
It's a real shame that voters don't have a choice in who is elected mayor. 1
or we could all just eat Chinese food. 1
Yeah Obama never does that.l especially when some terrorist starts shooting people in California......... 1
Wasn't the horse arabian? 1
meanwhile in other news Brain Dead is streaming free for Amazon Prime members. 1
I forgot this: 1
I thought he was a single issue candidate 1
"Might as well call the race in July then if she's already ""solidly at 210""" 1
But Bernie can't win! 1
He cannot be a racist because he is Hispanic. 1
He's amazingly amazing! 1
OOh I hope they save it all in an unencrypted format! 1
Forget about the war and health care and the economy and housing - why won't Obama show us his birth certificate? 1
I'm sorry to hear that you're a libertarian :( 1
Hail! 1
What a wonderful use of the power of democracy. 1
hey as long as I can enjoy a Big GulpTM while shooting my 100 round magazine it's all good 1
But Clinton is the founder of ISIS so its the same thing right? 1
Forgot the 1
Yes because he's just gonna stop being president. 1
shocking... 1
All you have to do is give up your rights and you will be treated with respect. 1
You forgot your 1
Because he was totally going to win it otherwise. 1
What an erudite way of disagreeing with someone 1
Them damn liberals need to quit regulating my trans-fat blood levels! 1
You spelled Tennessee wrong. 1
De-fucking-portable? 1
anything scary looking 1
It'll be taken care of in the next firmware update. 1
He is being fiscally responsible.. 1
Follow Brownback's lead and just rig the voting machines. 1
Wow I can't imagine why Christie and Giuliani would want to push for an investigation that could potentially hurt Clinton 1
No you moron don't you get it a single worker and just negotiate his pay with his employer that's why unions are useless 1
Clearly you were in the liberal barracks with your safe zones! 1
Catholicism isn't Christianity. 1
yea because 100% of the cost of doing business is labor 1
Democrats: we love listening to ourselves talk and killing babies! 1
Just take a page from whiteys play book and give them swine flu blankets. 1
TIL that diplomats acting in the interests of the US are corrupt politicians. 1
Yep expanding Medicaid to 10 million more people is totally a fight against the poor. 1
Gotta bring them to heal amirite? 1
Just ask the NSA 1
unedited - i am sure. 1
But... but... but... Clinton foundation.... 1
"Yeah I'd have a lot more respect for someone if they weren't so rigid about that whole ""we shouldn't be torturing people"" thing." 1
Shame on Sanders for informing the public about the realities of a corrupt system when one his opponents in involved in the corruption. 1
Have highest GPD world - doesn't matter 1
But he is going to create MILLIONS of jobs. 1
He has to invade Texas first and herd people into the underground prison camps under Wal-Marts before he crowns himself king. 1
He had so much support from Congress 1
Thanks Obama 1
Maybe they're secretly creating the tension so that technology advances quicker out of frustration. 1
You forgot the 1
With such meaty material they may need all 35k working on it! 1
More like white people are better at not getting caught 1
Ya neo communism will catch on any day now. 1
Yay for the establishment and big pharma! 1
Good thing that spam message sits at the top of every single thread so people don't say things like this. 1
But they do so darn well in the spelling bee! 1
shut up you misogynistic berniebro trump voter and talk about his hands 1
Yes because no one on the left has ever tired to blame the right for something. 1
Nominating Hillary sure did a lot of good. 1
Seems like a reasonable gentleman. 1
Who needs email security when you got the Russians on your side? 1
Because income is zero sum 1
Because god forgive a politician should practice the art of compromise. 1
Yea there's definitely potential for trump not to become president at this point 1
You'll decide what's misleading when the Mods tell you! 1
Why could that be? 1
I think you forgot a 1
Had to check post history to see if 1
No shit - it's probably just liberal propaganda data though 1
Sounds an awful like that liberal education I hear about on the MSM... 1
This can only mean the political conservatives will have to jump out of bed with the Roman Catholics if they intend to pursue their genetic manipulated human drones. 1
I think 9/11 made me Bi. 1
Especially if they're the children of poor spellers. 1
How about just the news outlets that don't confirm to my world view? 1
We need more voter suppression to keep the old guard in power so they can continue to watch over their own special interests... 1
I was going to correct you and say that it was George W Bush that appointed Chief Justice Roberts but then realized you were 1
But hillary IS a progressive 1
Looks like the middle and lower classes are finally getting their America (and money) back from the hands of the greedy establishment (: 1
Sounds like something only an innocent person would say 1
She was at the Bernie rally to meet some guys and they convinced her to go on a mission. 1
Making Texas proud! 1
And besides that somebody somewhere probably did something even worse. 1
This will totally get him to change his mind on not voting for Trump! 1
But taking tons of money from Corporate interests is *totally ethical*. 1
So you're voting for Trump? 1
But PC and their *safe spaces* are a scourge on society. 1
I'm black so it's not. 1
What right to *privacy*. 1
Who would want to sell their guns when Obama's coming to take them all away? 1
Just a reminder: Lethal injection *is* a humane way to execute someone. 1
But he started it! 1
He just wants to return to the good old days where a wife has a mandate to sexually serve her husband. 1
What a wonderful example of coincidence! 1
"today I learned that Calgary Canada was ""overseas""" 1
We all know the only 2 kinds of people capable of operating a firearm correctly are cops and soldiers. 1
There was this one time when I was 17 and my mom let me go into the store by myself to buy ice cream. 1
she is...and the White House is their most valuable business asset for the next 4-8 years! 1
All liars are fools cuz god knows when you lie and liars go to hell. 1
Lol 1
Rick Perry saluting in honor of his proud military service to our great nation. 1
But hillary deleted emails though so i guess shes just as bad as Trump 1
All places where truth is paramount. 1
But celebrities and politicians are important! 1
Do you mean vacation murder school training for kids! 1
But surely corporations need more tax cuts so that they can employ more people and the profits will trickle down ! 1
Yea but Reagan was a god 1
Yeah we really knew everything about Clinton... 1
Nice strawman! 1
Because things never need redesigned over the course of 200 years and a population boom... 1
She's clearly someone who should be president. 1
liberals are getting creepy with their russia paranaoia bust out the tinfoil hats everyone we have to prevent the russians from hacking our thoughts ! 1
"""Let's stone her!!!!""" 1
That's sexist. 1
It is ransom for the hostages 1
Because teachers are evil liberal union brainwashers. 1
Because the best way to ensure huge changes in public policy is to make it that the only people who are able to run in elections are the official candidates of the well-established parties. 1
By jove I think he's got it. 1
Very much support! 1
Thank god we have a completely sane and competent person entering the white house 1
That's smart business 1
It's just an interview! 1
I don't know but we have to do something and you're a bad person if you don't agree with whatever bullshit I come up with. 1
I think you forgot this: 1
FREE MARKETS! 1
My calculations say 33.8% 1
Obama=lincoln Have you not been keeping up? 1
Nice logic. 1
I thought Bloomberg doesn't like guns? 1
Because the super rich can't stop getting richer! 1
Only the wealthy deserved to reproduce. 1
Fucking scrubs need to stop complaining and just eat the shit sandwich like the rest of us. 1
Haha it's just a theory! 1
We all know the only important amendment is the second one though. 1
Because most human interaction happens via email. 1
The gold standard of trade deals! 1
How dare you not take my anecdotal evidence as gospel! 1
He should tear gas Obama till he chokes to death. 1
Because she didn't benefit from a democratic smear campaign against her opponent 1
Yea cmon down to Illinois 1
Yeah don't you know all white people are inherently racist from birth. 1
Why are you #ing the Mexican American Grocer's Association? 1
Just like they spent years fighting Medicare D after it passed. 1
It is just a coincidence. 1
Are you making fun of a disabled guy? 1
That's just how evil he is 1
But dude they totally stopped World War 3 with Russia! 1
Yup and I guess no one else could do it if they really tried. 1
Because reversing the order of the two names completely invalidates everything he says 1
Thanks Obama! 1
Rigged! 1
but our 'security' is growing. 1
How is this allowed on the local Fox affiliate? 1
are you serious or did you forget the 1
ITS NOT FEAR MONGERING IF ITS TRUE 1
I think Reagan and Romney used the same line of reasoning. 1
Because there's nothing more Christian than intimidating a Jewish family. 1
Yeah how dare we not want a rapist president! 1
So should it be changed to mark of the b/? 1
It's ok people like CEOs and wall mart heirs are helping out to lower the average tax rate by paying less on their cashflow than you do on your pay slip. 1
I always vote for people who think they are superior to me morally. 1
Yes the USA deserves a closet communist. 1
But my alt right blog said she had COPD 1
Yeh they sure don't hate women 1
Missing 1
BUT IT'S HISTORICAL! 1
yeah its only happening on reddit 1
How dare Clinton attempt to get as many votes as possible 1
No one saw that coming 1
Nuke'em! 1
Government would be so much easier if everyone just forgot about this whole constitution business and let politicians do their jobs. 1
But the DNC is a private entity so they can do whatever they want 1
Because the other 320+ EV Clinton wins elsewhere has nothing to do with the outcome... 1
But republicans favor Jesus and that's all that matters. 1
Votes for a woman are only worth 3/5ths. 1
Vastliberalconspiracy I think 1
Sharing is caring. 1
Does the vetting involve an amateur gynecological exam? 1
That must be why the Swiss have the same problem. 1
I mean how can he even hope to respond to such wit? 1
...good one. 1
Hooray for Republicans that would just let the poor die. 1
Any examples? 1
And she's a 2 out of 10 1
Better that a million African Americans should be barred from voting than a single fraudulent vote should be cast. 1
Surely the rich will rediscover their innate altruism if only we got the meddling government out of the equation. 1
And blowing up a single bridge is really going to start some anarchistic revolution. 1
Laws don't apply to the Clintons. 1
Yeah...because Trump *totally* hasn't been caught lying or proved he's incompetent in *any* way yet... 1
Legitimate reasons that I have been told by Trump supporters on why not to vote for Clinton: Benghazi and Clinton murders. 1
But comparing unrelated data in order to exaggerate this problem is totally fair! 1
But regulations are just more red tape on the glorious free market and will cost jobs! 1
That's different 1
Right because Republicans really learned a lesson from 2008 and 2012 1
Human rights don't apply to non-people so it wouldn't really be genocide. 1
Well that's because she is a progressive that likes to get things done! 1
How presidential of him 1
Yeah because when Hillary is already president and is assigning judges the 2nd amendment voters are definitely gonna stop her 1
But of course 1
Yeah the Clinton camp totally forced Republicans to vote for him. 1
Racist 1
Totally unbiased source right there 1
pretty sure he was 1
I'm paid by AIPAC 1
Because this article is about him running for president. 1
Right before her Satanic Rituals 1
Some kinda dog food? 1
Feel the bern! 1
I'm so happy I could give you a cheaper bus ride. 1
That'll show him! 1
Looks like the only one who can stump the trump is trump himself. 1
so Monopolies always are best for consumers/citizens 1
Because he's Anti-Establishment! 1
Jesus was a commie traitor. 1
We'll have time to pay off our debts after we Make America Great Again 1
Yes and Obama had a ton of military experience 1
Freedom of religion just means that you can belong to any denomination of Christianity you want. 1
Whenever he says something I disagree with he's just kidding. 1
You forgot the 1
But I thought we were the country of checks and balances 1
UNFIT FOR PRESIDENT BECAUSE CANDIDATES HAVE TO BE IMMUNE FROM ALL DISEASES UNLIKE SHILLERY 1
You don't hate Rand Paul and republicans so obviously you aren't paying attention 1
Totally not true until published by Huffpost or Vox. 1
The National Review has been so dead on with their predictions about Trump that I am sure this one would work. 1
Isn't that the one that says Christianity is the One True religion? 1
not voting until I hear who the Old Farmer's Almanac endorses 1
4D chess amirite? 1
Hey you are taking her out of context you sexist! 1
Because Republicans are so concerned with deficits when they're in power. 1
She knows how to work *with* the system to get things done. 1
This will go a long way towards increasing US credibility and how much other nations trust US. 1
"Simple: too many Black People in Somalia just waiting to mooch off any ""hard-working"" ""job creators"" like themselves." 1
part of gods plan. 1
But but but America is run by AIPAC and is a tool of the Israelis! 1
If she has him adopted her next child could be a democrat. 1
Ooo I hope he's doing it to run for President! 1
Way to show him! 1
you're obviously entitled and did not put any work in 1
Well Jesus is coming back before the climate gets too bad so we don't need to worry about it anyways. 1
You mean banning something doesn't make them go away? 1
Don't you wish he were here in real life so you can intimidate him from speaking his mind? 1
But she didn't do it intentionally so it's OK. 1
that's why there's all those republicans are trying to restrict individual's freedom to possess firearms 1
Well he should've seen that coming and prepared for it! 1
yeah listening to your opponents views is stupid and totally not ignorant 1
I am sure that will solve all his issues. 1
Only because *they* had their plan revealed by those of us that were paying attention. 1
The most transparent administration. 1
Racist 1
But the government can't be trusted! 1
TIL the best way to increase economic development is to pull funding from educational programs 1
Its a good thing Big pharma has that big war chest of money. 1
Thankfully our generation has so many people to explain our beliefs and mental shortcomings to us 1
Look at Bernie's ability to work with the republicans! 1
yes because all people who consider buying guns are rednecks with bad teeth 1
Because that's just what Jesus would do. 1
Yeah I'm sure Trump tanking our economy or our reputation internationally would definitely not affect you at all 1
But its a moral disaster! 1
yeah but it's old news 1
I'm sure it couldn't possibly be associated with the high cost of health care in the USA that means that parents are much less likely to visit a GP ensuring that an easily solved minor issue can develop into a fatal emergency. 1
That just means her daughter is fugly 1
The Laws of Thermodynamics are merely an attempt by deluded liberals to shackle the free market and must be repealed! 1
Manslams? 1
You act like teachers should have some say in teaching! 1
Yeah shit was really awesome when Bush was president. 1
The tax payer 1
Is it Iran? 1
Oh boy maybe she'll win this time. 1
'REVERSE' RACISM IS THE WORST RACISM DO YOU SEE OBAMA TALKING TO *WHITE* GRADUATES? 1
Communist bitch! 1
Omg what do you mean do you support a psychopath I'm literally shaking 1
I'm sure Jesus would vote for rapists and racists. 1
but at least you have insurance 1
I can't believe all these negative Hillary posts on the first page 1
Because a fascist is better then a socialist! 1
But investing is so much more important than work. 1
Because rape is actually wonderful when it's man on man. 1
So clever 1
There is no way this could not be accurate. 1
But then no one gets to feel smugly superior 1
Word from the other child-molesting former Speaker of the House (he had an affair with an underage Congressional Page). 1
Homeschooling means you don't have to submit your children to the evil government vaccination regime. 1
MY RELIGIOUS FREEDOMS TRUMP ALL OTHER FREEDOMS. 1
Yes please explain to everyone the perfect democracy we are apart of 1
Definitely not fascism. 1
he put it in quotes so im pretty sure its 1
I think you forgot the 1
Just get some willing interns to do it for free 1
But Hillary is the one that will say anything to get elected. 1
Kook! 1
I'm sure solitary and more charges will help. 1
But seriously folks we need *more* gun laws... 1
Yeah the problem is definitely with all the world leaders and not Trump 1
lesbians are not gay... That's why they have a whole different letter... duh. 1
Wonder where all that money came from.. 1
Obviously that makes Trump and all Trump supporters racists. 1
I'm sure the CBS polls are real this time 1
Has anyone from the NAACP commented yet? 1
But she just wanted privacy when she talked to Bill and Chelsea! 1
Why not just ban murder on California campuses? 1
Be careful you don't step on his 1st Amendment rights! 1
But Mexico will be paying for it 1
They need to shut up and get back in the kitchen! 1
It's totally cool that he even started to though. 1
But they are both the same 1
Right because people being interested/excited in the political process to the point where they want to share and discuss it at length is silly 1
Simple solution : don't hire women. 1
I'm sure this will play great in NY 1
The true family values candidate. 1
Shhh that's not the narrative..... 1
I have a feeling a lot of democrats are going to take them up on this offer 1
You forgot the 1
Bernie Sanders: Enemy of Business 1
Yeah FDR was a punk bitch too! 1
And the rest of the world is doing so great! 1
Learn to use 1
Ballparks are powder kegs for peanut allergies! 1
But some people have jobs and can't bother to give their boss a 2 weeks heads up that they won't be able to work Saturday to vote in their parties election 1
You dropped this 1
Glad to know you realize the difference between the role of local and national government. 1
Is that before or after she ran a pedo fun club out of a DC pizzeria? 1
He must be a Clinton plant / a jew 1
I'm sure this will look good in 2020 or 2024. 1
I'm glad we have mind readers here on Reddit to let us know what is in the hearts and minds of our political leaders. 1
Clearly an unbiased and trustworthy news source. 1
It'll be interesting to see just exactly how he's gonna enforce that. 1
Yeah it's not like they're the highest court in the land or something 1
1/30th of it's lifetime... that's 3%! 1
"""This vacuum will suck the corruption right out of your carpet!""" 1
DISBAND THE CIA ITS FILLED WITH LIBCUCKS 1
I have absurdly high hopes for trickle down 3.0. 1
"""Black isn't even a race!""" 1
But Milo.... 1
Look at all these horrible bigoted racist Trump Supporters! 1
I should've put a 1
Satellites are tools of liberals to prove a false narrative that climate change is real. 1
It's just a 200-year-old piece of paper. 1
They probably payed to play 1
As long as she didn't use a private email server. 1
Aside from Woody Harrelson. 1
You forgot the 1
Clearly the correct response to this is to do away with the EPA. 1
But being presidential isn't an indication of being president 1
That's something completely different because homosexuality is a sin! 1
To be fair he did call Kanye a jackass 1
Go freeload on the emergency room. 1
But but you can't be racist towards white people. 1
She discovered Bernie is against Citizens United while Hillary and her 7 super-PACs are for it? 1
If you want facts on BP you best glove up and get ready to scrub. 1
I'm sorry I offended you. 1
The one called Larry does not fuck around 1
I'm assuming 1
Yea that 70 billion in taxes being missed out on is worth it clearly. 1
It's the Christian thing to do. 1
I feel so sorry for her. 1
But I don't want to pay $23 for a hamburger 1
Yeah because trump supports aren't like that at all 1
Yeah Fox News doesn't have an agenda or anything. 1
But he was a Democrat then 1
I'm still not sure what his endgame is though 1
So is prosecuting HRC. 1
It was her turn! 1
i think you dropped this 1
No...... really? 1
But but but Ted on the bridge 1
And I'm sure it went unchanged from the time of the first writing up until 1600... 1
I guess I forgot the 1
There's no WAY that could go badly. 1
Direct democracy... So viable... 1
B-b-b-but both parties/candidates are the same! 1
I found your contribution to the discussion both insightful and necessary. 1
SO AMERICA IS SOCIALIST AFTER ALL! 1
It is not as big ofa fault as dying which is just under losing a limb or getting injured because then other soldiers have to help out your loser ass. 1
In that case let's ban everything! 1
I believe CTS left off 1
Forgot your 1
But you just don't get it... If you don't like your state laws you are perfectly free to move to another state 1
The solution here is simple: Code is evil and programming should be outlawed in the United States. 1
"That teacher just isn't a ""team player""." 1
but...but... I know a guy who knows a guy who can prove that all unions are scumbags that force you to be lazy and make you slack off so that other people won't look bad... etc etc etc... 1
Beck must be in on the conspiracy guys! 1
Where do I sign up? 1
But it's Hillary's turn! 1
It is what God wants. 1
For some people maybe that signals reaching across the aisle 1
But he's more electable! 1
Well if he properly added in the 'pulled outta my ass' column he would have had better numbers. 1
Yah.. never saw anyone point out his lies or how he's a conman.. 1
The EU has no borders and look how safe they are 1
Make Louisiana great again! 1
'Cause ISIS 1
Damn liberal media at it again. 1
Oh yeah because there isn't *any* controversy about whether or not IQ tests are racially biased. 1
2/3 a human 1
Unfortunately god is a republican 1
But we're OK with all that money going into the hands of Mexican cartels. 1
Sounds like a real shitshow. 1
When they said no to Trump! 1
clever 1
well if Conservative mouthpiece and FauxNews former Judge Napolitano (who has zero inside informations) says it then it must be true. 1
This will totally break down those barriers. 1
That's just projection on your part. 1
Build a wall! 1
All we need to know is what Pyramids are really for and if candidate will not hesitate to kill baby Hitler. 1
Gotta being that voter turnout up somehow. 1
All those corporations paying nothing in taxes wouldn't make any difference at all. 1
Jews did 9/11 1
Wall Street of course. 1
That's the spirit! 1
Just blame them illegal mexicans for taking their jobs. 1
I think this article states pretty clearly that Climton is the most qualified candidate for president in the history of the universe and all parallel universes! 1
that's because the taxes take all the money so she can't pay her debts... 1
All this crap got started once we started letting millions of Irish Catholics break down the Anglo-Saxon Protestant power structure in America. 1
What an educated and informed line. 1
Zionist liberal conspiracy clearly 1
Only is you are a left wing liberal elite who wants to destroy america! 1
It's because they aren't conservative enough 1
It's just a vast right wing conspiracy. 1
Uhm... how'd he get that approved in DTS? 1
Some votes are more equal than others. 1
Dont forget to vote several times and bring your liberal vote hacking machine 1
Proud to be a Kentuckian today... 1
Well Sanders should stop saying those things that make them angry! 1
Right but the fact you think you think you NEED to exercise that right is very suspicious .... no? 1
This just proves how good a job the Republicans have done. 1
Isn't it great to know that our appointed officials are now operating above the law? 1
You need to check your privilege. 1
Who is Grover Norquist again? 1
You forgot this: 1
"TIL ""The Obama Administration"" doesn't include Obama." 1
I'm sure government control over all these industries will make everything better 1
Because he was right about Trump losing too 1
I know my personal wealth almost doubled in the last 5 years. 1
I'm sure Powell has incredibly intimate and accurate knowledge into the private life of Bill Clinton 1
But Hillary would've been just as bad! 1
that kind of talk is a sure way to change minds. 1
LOL 1
Maybe they could differentiate if they weren't jerking each other off with their invisible hands 1
I got a flat tire because a Russian hacker did it. 1
You realize that you're a racist now... for mentioning that. 1
You belong in jail u/Cyuen! 1
No it will be the vote rigging and conspiracy. 1
Give it 8 years and Chelsea Clinton will surely be testing the waters for the presidency! 1
but then what will I do with all these carrots? 1
Well it's obviously the fault of those nearby states that don't have strong gun control. 1
Must be all those west coast repubs in Cali. 1
Well I'm sure as soon as millennial's start finding job's where they make enough money that they have to pay taxes their politics will change. 1
it's because you don't have internet 1
The nomination was rigged. 1
71 people got arrested for creating a hippy drum circle in Portland. 1
Way to focus on the really important details in political discourse. 1
"If by clear message you mean ""Chelsea Clinton"" then 2020 is in the bag GG 2 EZ." 1
"Get out of here with your ""judging people by their ideas and motives"" let me sympathize with anyone I deem a minority no matter what they believe or how they treat people." 1
Yeah that makes more sense.. 1
"Hey it's okay they were rained on by debris and body bits coz Trump ""screwed"" him on the deal...right guys?" 1
What if they're all assholes? 1
Stop being perceptive and realize gas only helps rednecks and their big trucks. 1
Waterboarding is high energy. 1
Profile in courage. 1
The aimless hatred of Trump supporters reflects so well on him 1
What a good use of resources 1
She misspoke 1
What a saint 1
You forgot your 1
Japan should nuke America. 1
Wait so that means he should just concede now right? 1
Those are irrelevant because those were before the election. 1
It gave us security from terrorism and the TSA 1
Why didn't Obama stop the levees in Katrina? 1
Something something... EMAILS! 1
Such a Grand ol Party. 1
Black people in SC are an accurate representation of black people around the country 1
Heroic and patriotic. 1
What a great rallying cry 1
The Pentagon will love this logic. 1
Well those minorities might have guns they stole from white citizens. 1
What that's believable. 1
9-9-9! 1
That is a cogent and reasoned response to the article. 1
You forget that redditers are rational patient understandable people. 1
But but... They're still not paying their fair share! 1
Gun owners need to feel guilty becuz bad people hurt other people and it's our fault. 1
you dropped your 1
Its always a good idea to wait til the last moment. 1
Nasty woman. 1
Is it such a bad thing to help out folks who were kind to you? 1
But remember she isn't playing the woman card 1
Bill Clinton did it first! 1
This is the reason why Trump won! 1
Complete coincidence 1
Progress in the wrong direction is still progress! 1
Why don't we pay everyone equally that will solve all problems 1
Protesting is unAmerican. 1
Robin Hood was a lawbreaker! 1
But he was charging at him! 1
you obviously are a russian too.... 1
But...but she keeps insisting she's a progressive! 1
Took me a while to realize 1
Better get those lunatic conservatives off the bench! 1
because there aren't millions of pot smokers already 1
That's because the USA has a free press that seeks to attract the attention of viewers by focusing on what viewers would care most about. 1
i think you forgot this 1
Or that the Saudis had involvement in 9/11 1
It was motivated by Obama! 1
One interest rate increase by the Fed in ten years has nothing to do with it. 1
Sounds like Russian propaganda to me. 1
Don't forget about the 2nd amendment and our right to remember Benghazi! 1
Ass a former Congressman you can't help but trust this guy. 1
Completely what could go wrong 1
I guess this means all other problems have been solved. 1
Everyone knows a murderer will follow school policy! 1
But but but....I thought she said she didn't delete any work related emails! 1
This is another set of 'unfortunate mistakes' that she is learning from... This helps make her the best candidate ever since she is learning soo much.. 1
You forgot the 1
"Apparently only the ""black *thinkers*"" not patronizing at all!" 1
Nice to see such a reliable source. 1
He's still there? 1
Damn I honestly thought that was bad enough that I didn't need the 1
That's why I'm voting for Trump! 1
You forgot the 1
Because the government runs everything so perfectly 1
Obviously that's what I meant. 1
Remember: Hillary's the corrupt one. 1
I can't believe she is communicating with her campaign! 1
He needs to make sure Donald supporters don't think he is just a regular black guy or they won't let him in 1
He Said Black 1
I wouldn't mind seeing Ben Mulroney at 24 Sussex drive. 1
Because the free press is so accurate and unbiased. 1
I am sure the Ark Encounter will fix the budget with all the billions of cash it will bring into the state. 1
how very american of him 1
Corporations couldn't possibly be held responsible for their actions... 1
Diplomats are just globalist shills 1
This is why we need laws to prevent cops from being filmed. 1
Obama's Legacy... 1
Yes because no powerful CEO has ever been evil. 1
Fuck that we just need to let cops loose and let them get tougher then crime will be over in a week! 1
But don't you dare question their intelligence. 1
Next up I hear they will enact legislation that members of the GOP can legally cast two votes in elections while registered Democrats will get to keep their single vote. 1
But we'd never be able to understand. 1
well youve surely convinced me with your sophisticated well thought out argument... I clearly am no match for your oratory prowess and mastery of diction. 1
Aren't angry white people the ones who vote for Sanders already? 1
Cause for feminism to be real men have to be lower on the totem pole 1
I'm not sure why everyone is freaking out; President Obama stated unequivocally this week that he was opposed to bullying behavior. 1
Trump is the perfect combination of deeply corrupt *and* fundamentally lacking in experience! 1
Yeah but those are the rapists and drug dealers Trump was talking about 1
It's not hypocritical- he clearly says that he only *uses* the programs without *supporting* them. 1
Yeah because the DNC accusing Russia of hacking before any proof (still is none) comes out isn't provoking anyone 1
that makes him smart 1
We need more Trump Election Observers to make sure everyone gets a fair chance to vote 1
It's bad because you're taking profits away from the poor health insurance companies. 1
But I have always been told on Reddit that the slippery slope argument is a logical fallacy. 1
"Because violating other peoples' privacy rights by filming them after they've asked you not to is ""speech"" now." 1
Yea the FBI is really objective and nothing corrupt happened.... 1
Can't risk losing his caucus to that Devil-tongued socialist. 1
Don't you hate it when all they do is talk about the issues affecting the middle class? 1
But Pence is the first obviously closeted gay VP in the US history. 1
Keeps my hair soft 1
Because Obama is trying to end the war. 1
Yes because reddit accounts for more than 1% of the vote 1
Yes adopting it in the platform will totally force every democratic politician to adopt that position too! 1
well he claims he is and obviously everything trump claims is true 1
forgot this 1
I forgot the 1
who could have foreseen such an outcome. 1
Today I learned that the technology industry isn't real work. 1
That sounds like something an Islamic terrorist would say. 1
Well that's a good way to win hearts and minds to your cause. 1
Well Muslims dont deserve rights 1
Put your tin foil hat away. 1
Yep - Bernie is always just about himself and his lifelong quest for power and influence. 1
Yeah that's what the evidence shows. 1
Pretty sure you missed the 1
"""A man with arms isn't unarmed.""" 1
I'll bet they all were in women's studies. 1
Not another email scandal. 1
We shoudl just take away the rights of the people here! 1
Totally justifies summary execution by being choked to death on the sidewalk 1
Because of course any opinion that contravenes the hive is trolling. 1
I remember that time Democrats stopped funding the government over limiting access to guns. 1
Ron Paul is really the only guy that can admit our government could be in bed with the military industrial complex. 1
clearly this is only because mcauliffe is trying to steal this election by letting felons vote! 1
I'm always impressed with all the people on reddit who claim they can read the body language of a dog from a description in a news article and establish how much of a threat it was more accurately than people who were there. 1
Might as well be though 1
sorry forgot to turn this on 1
And just like his dad and brother he will save us from peace and prosperity. 1
"So this is what Rupert Murdock meant when he said that Carson will be a ""real black president""." 1
TIL that smart people sell steaks through RadioShack. 1
Yeah because California is known for its common sense gun laws 1
How dare you question my love of America 1
I can't wait for this level of micromanaging in my life! 1
But have you seen the color of their skin? 1
It's okay to stereotype and insult the south because they're just dumb hicks! 1
So how does the cost compare to the war in Libya? 1
Facts = Feels If i feel like she won 57 counties then that's how many she won. 1
I'm waiting with anticipation for the polling results from California and DC. 1
I prefer to get my science from politicians and my medical advice from knobs on afternoon television shows 1
I can tell by your comment that it's impossible for you to understand this... you have to be defeated.... 1
but his skin is white so he is not a minority 1
those are the folks that defend the cops when they shoot unarmed kids playing with *toy* guns ... God Bless America 1
I thought Cheney was president and Bush was just the normal powerless VP that attended funerals. 1
Just like the kids are also drinking booze 24/7 as well. 1
You forgot 1
We always have adoption and indoctrination I guess... 1
Because all 3000 of them were given new identities and are currently living in Guatemala. 1
Oh well if organising voting is a pain then lets just have it for 1% of the citizens to make it easier then. 1
Don't trust your lying eyes. 1
But his outreach to Black voters was so effective. 1
Barely even a human! 1
obviously it would be the puppies' fault for being under foot. 1
How can you take away their rights if they never had them in the first place! 1
That's such a really big jump. 1
Clearly the Republican National Committee is also conspiring to protect Clinton. 1
Because no one works full time in the food industry. 1
That will stop Trump for sure! 1
Nothing ends something faster than declaring a war on it... 1
Clearly this article from CNN is the right wing's attempt to smear the Clintons! 1
See.. proof that they shouldn't be allowed to vote. 1
Watch for friction burns! 1
But what would the CIA do for it's slush fund for all those Gitmo style black prisons and black ops party favors? 1
GWB was obviously a closet socialist. 1
You forgot the 1
Fair and balanced! 1
What so you mean *you people*! 1
It's all so Obama can appoint a super-ultra-liberal to the SCOTUS so they can name him Permanent Supreme High Chancellor. 1
Well just imagine how out of control it would be if it wasn't a law! 1
You can always find a new job... 1
But he's white. 1
You hang out with the wrong kind of people. 1
It's not a lie if you believe it! 1
I for one am excited for our new Comrade in Cheif. 1
you forgot the 1
"I'm sure after he ""answers"" all of these questions it will all be put the rest and we will never ever hear anything about it ever again." 1
Thanks orange leader 1
Yea higher taxes ruin the economy that's why it was terrible under Clinton and improved under W when he cut taxes. 1
You must be a terrorist. 1
Because all countries with single-payer healthcare and higher education end up like Venezuela. 1
diversity is code for anti-white! 1
I guess that's why they never send armed dudes in when there's trouble... 1
I think you may have missed my point....perhaps I should have used 1
Another case of the black man putting down the white man! 1
"Clearly you realize this is the first step in the march towards the inevitable government mandated chemical castration of ""undesirables"" Wake up sheeple." 1
But but but...Clean Coal! 1
Context and precedent is just a straw man! 1
Big shock 1
Trickle Down Economics works so well. 1
listen scary dirty brown faced people voting is the biggest threat to American freedom as not allowing police to break constitutional rights to catch the thieving brown faces and dirty hippies. 1
Letterman is a loser! 1
This is why you lost the election! 1
I'm looking forward to the flood of self-analysis and reflection among right wing talking heads as they try to understand how they could have been so wrong on something so big. 1
You must be racist. 1
Because there aren't many rich Democrats 1
Well that sounds like a perfect justification for the rest of the country to be responsible for you instead of being responsible for yourself! 1
But isn't that their own fault for being single? 1
Those damned godless atheists are taking the pure unadulterated word of God out of context again! 1
Only presidents can do stuff. 1
Is that because most deaths are from bombings? 1
He's confused about the process. 1
I guess that is why the Republicans all attack Sanders in the debates and ignore Clinton. 1
cause if it ain't white and christian it just ain't right ya'll 1
White indian? 1
Maybe Bill Maher for white house office of faith-based initiatives 1
I think he forgot the 1
Yeah go democrat party they should run everything for a generation they have never done the same shit republicans have done 1
Well we're beating ISIS badly and we have to have SOMEONE to bomb don't we? 1
Clearly no one needs personal firearms to protect themselves with guys like Leland Yee in office. 1
Nothing more American than imperial weights and measures! 1
because clearly that is how they would be used. 1
You forgot your 1
Rand voted to support your right to beat on your property if you so choose. 1
what's ket 1
Not permitting a vote by elected representatives is the purest form of democracy. 1
Doesn't count it is a deep south state. 1
Yes. 1
and AP was even kind enuf to tell you before the Cali election even took place. 1
So good I switched my vote. 1
Because they're experts! 1
let's sell some more to Saudia Arabia! 1
I wonder how much these shills were paid for the life of their dead son. 1
Because it's not like that's 50 shades of illegal or anything. 1
you're not allowed to changed your opinion from 10 years ago 1
Because they'll find a way. 1
He's a fake black 1
Math is a very bad negotiator so good luck with that! 1
Only rational way to think when you don't have people agreeing with you. 1
Only a pedophile rapist would say such things! 1
Ahhh.. but she kissed the ring of AIPAC and supports the neocon foreign policy - that there is Presidential material. 1
80k a yr in WV.... no wonder the lady is anxious about the economy 1
Dat post truth politics! 1
How can you not blame a man that posts scary shapes? 1
but emails 1
lol I forgot 1
I feel bad for the veterans. 1
war =profits you silly bunny- feeding the poors is like throwing money away 1
Marco Rubio it is. 1
Ah but those committing that fraud are true mericans fighting for freedom against the terrorist hordes that stand at the gates not freeloading hippies. 1
Guns don't kill people. 1
I'm sure this headline is 100% accurate. 1
Ya because Republicans worked together with Democrats for the past 8 years 1
At least r/politics was a bastion of free thought before all this happened 1
Yeah berdy has it wrapped up 1
No he's not...he was never in politics so he's unestablisment. 1
Because all medical research and development is local! 1
Yeah because the president totally gets a shit ton of phishing emails that can steal the nuclear codes if you click on them 1
Maybe Sanders 1
Clearly all the emails were written between Putin and Assange and Donald. 1
White men taking the natives land again; guess old habits die hard 1
Yea that'll show them... 1
Forgot the 1
We played the long game with our Reddit accounts but we knew some day that sweet sweet Hillary money would pour in if we were just patient (after supporting Sanders of course). 1
If Obama had just released his birth certificate we wouldn't have had to speculate 1
But it's the crowds! 1
"""Clearly it's an interview!""" 1
lol yeah I'm sure this will be the one that takes him down 1
You forgot 1
It's a metaphorical *physical* wall 1
I'm sure he will encounter no resistance what so ever to such a plan. 1
No no no it was a mistake didn't you hear him 1
You are poor to ? 1
It's a verifiable fact that praying before sex that you won't get STDs is more effective than condoms. 1
So regulate the ammo... Fun control at its finest! 1
no man it's clearly nothing 1
3/5 or gtfo 1
I'm sure this is a great moral victory for Bernie that will propel him to beat Hillary 1
Look at that condescending intellectual 1
Yeah but in Nevada they had it on a Saturday morning like damn that's my only day to sleep in 1
i'm pretty sure that was 1
By pushing for their radical agenda of getting married and serving in the military. 1
Typical liberal media. 1
Definitely he should live out his days isolated from his family. 1
Lower gas prices today are due to policies put forward during the Bush Administration 1
They'll just set the dogs on us to get us up and moving again. 1
I didn't realize I was responsible for Hitler but your flawless logic has totally convinced me. 1
We just need to spread the wealth around a little more and Baltimore will flourish! 1
But its not rape if your married to them 1
NOOOO.. don't say that.. why bring race into this when it's all about 'economic anxiety' and 'political affiliation'. 1
It's all the Democrats' fault anyways. 1
Withholding education funds from a conservative state.... I'm sure that's going to be an effective means of persuasion. 1
Just give up already you stupid millennial 1
If only he'd bomb Iran... 1
Bigotry is fine as long as we don't explicitly state we're bigots. 1
secret muslim conspiracy imo. 1
Well at least it's a bipartisan effort to screw over the last remaining growth sector with good pay and benefits that actual produces something of value 1
your anecdotal outlier is very convincing 1
They should have purchased LifeLock identity protection 1
I bet the staffers were planted by hillary and the flaw was a honeypot. 1
I'm sure the DOJ will go after them right after they finish with the bankers. 1
he did it because he hates the troops 1
They should be working to eliminate studies on gravity.... then we could all fly! 1
Because there are no journalists that hate the Clintons? 1
I wonder what party he belongs to? 1
But someone making $250k/year will naturally require a more expensive house. 1
Who let the cripple in in the first place? 1
But don't worry that one question had a much bigger effect on the election than the hacking did. 1
Because gun control regulations = taking our guns away. 1
Because O Keefe is a hoax 1
I thought it was just a security review? 1
Yeah all those national debates and no one asked..... 1
"""real men"" make death threats" 1
You forgot the 1
"Trump: ""I would never be so egotistical as to put my name on a piece of legislation.""" 1
Glad to see we have informed elected officials. 1
Stop discriminating against his right to discriminate! 1
So obviously she'll appeal to conservative swing voters in the general! 1
YEAH BUT HES BETTER THAN CROOKED HIL #JAILHER 1
guberment woulda done it for the benefit of all citizens 1
Just nationalize them and it's problem solved 1
*assange their wounds 1
Ah ok thanks sometimes I can only tell if there is a good ol 1
Everything is ok as long as they take on jobs to entertain us! 1
"Obviously because the youngins are ""super predators"" !" 1
Yeah because clinton wasn't a household name 1
Because some rights take a back seat to others. 1
You forget how much of a racist fascist homophobic bigoted orange redneck Trump is 1
The suit will allege that he didn't give them permission to use his comments or video at his rallies and interviews. 1
She takes a back seat to no one 1
OMG you're like such a Bernie bro sexist misogynist racist! 1
Well she is a women so that makes it okay. 1
Forgot your 1
Or do what boys that age usually do and insist the girl slept with somebody else. 1
And as we all know Clinton kept her word last round of debates and showed up to every single one. 1
That liberal media doing what liberal media does... 1
You guys but Ohio is going to turn red anyways so why does it matter anyways omg. 1
Because owning a gun is the same as molesting children. 1
Oh man they censored it! 1
Shhh... Too much logic. 1
How I love this Russian prick interfering in our country and our elections. 1
Yeah but now we can sue them for the damages! 1
Live a lie like Obama pretending to be born in Hawaii? 1
Game changer 1
The WaPo writers? 1
Do you want to be part of a movement to prevent the first Jewish US president ? 1
Just another form of entitlements if you ask me. 1
In France or the WWF? 1
Well he did need to copy off his wife's ballot. 1
But she's dishonest so we don't believe anything she says 1
But I thought she betrayed us! 1
Since when has the truth ever been down voted? 1
But if we shoot more of the other side we'll eventually win this fight! 1
It will be great when the Muslims control the country. 1
The minimum amount companies would have to contribute to having a workforce 1
Like Utah? 1
Hey hey - apparently wikipedia now labels him as 'described as a conspiracy theorist' 1
Yeah he had to repost it like twice in 9 minutes 8 seconds fucking shitshow fucking mods fuck them 1
I get my news from a rock music magazine! 1
It works really well in Australia! 1
CTR must be sending in the walk-ons. 1
Clearly those signs were a threat to national security! 1
You forgot the 1
That stopped Obama from winning. 1
Because posting stupid straight pride posts on facebook and tossing gay folks off buildings is totally the same 1
Im pretty sure i saw her blinking SOS. 1
Informed voters do. 1
He gonna come get you at night. 1
Need to ban nursing homes from having buses for voters. 1
well because Islam is the enemy of America 1
They've done a great job protecting the other amendments. 1
I guess the nonpartisan Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center got bought by Clinton too. 1
But this is what my people want 1
I've read about it on the internet so it must be true. 1
Telling people to shut up is a very effective strategy is getting people to vote for your candidate 1
Only if you are the homosexual. 1
Yeah we should just ignore statistics altogether cause they are all bullshit. 1
You can take that anti-American attitude elsewhere you snarky bastard. 1
Shock. 1
look if poor people didnt want aids they shouldnt have caught it 1
He had me until he said Obama is an American... 1
It's in the bible so that makes it right. 1
Which only prooves that the NSA is doing a great job! 1
What happened in Ohio? 1
There is such a long tradition of presidential candidates releasing transcripts of their speeches as private citizens. 1
It's clearly a racist dog whistle. 1
OMGCLIMATECHANGE! 1
Well at least this will help her credibility 1
Good thing bill clinton is a nominee 1
Well when you put it that way! 1
Because our system is perfect and would never do that! 1
Probably just Obama. 0
It was probably on the phones of those tens of thousands of Muslims he saw with his own eyes cheering on rooftop parties in New Jersey. 0
They were probably sitting at the table and decided between them that it would get them both some extra publicity. 0
Good analogy. 0
Excellent point. 0
You're not the first to say it ;) 0
It's hard to believe she's not in prison. 0
Cheaper foodstuffs. 0
I think it's pretty clear what your skin color is based on this statement. 0
And my point is that certain people are ignorant enough to believe the certain bullshit. 0
You gotta spend money to be blessed with it! 0
*cough* or half of the south *cough* 0
I'm thinking he's more of a mobile strike/ game of war pay 2 win mobile game type player. 0
And what she did accomplish in that time was minimal compared to Sanders. 0
Citation needed. 0
Sure is. 0
That's assuming he has $5mil to spare. 0
I'm going to guess it's less than 150km south. 0
"lol ""Las Vegas Police confirm that water is wet and that the sky is in-fact blue""" 0
Right but that's all the more reason why this person stepping out of line is such a big deal. 0
Musk built his factory in Nevada rather than Californi because of... TAX BREAKS 0
Notice the downward trend on the graph starts in 2001... just saying. 0
I also think that she didn't expect the amount of support Sanders is getting. 0
As long as you are allowed to abstain after actually reaching the ballot box. 0
Apology accepted. 0
Please do 0
Between bouts of self fellatio the editors are calling each other to congratulate themselves on promoting Trump as the new KKK for ad clicks while giving fuckheads like David Duke air time to promote their views and radicalize people into being the actual new KKK. 0
So you're saying everyone should set up a fake charity to funnel tax free money through in order to dodge the IRS? 0
CNN = Clinton Neocon Network 0
Who can take you opinion seriously when you don't know the difference between where and were. 0
"The ""Bernie will do better argument"" is ""deteriorating"" because the media has made it deteriorate." 0
Whoosh. 0
Nothing at all political in that decision. 0
Obama took off the gloves 0
"""This housewife uses this one economic news trick!""" 0
There is no scenario where Clinton clinches the nomination with a pending FBI criminal investigation against her. 0
Its only been a couple of days.. lol 0
Try proving it's illegal! 0
And sometimes disaster relief. 0
Sadly I think this is their best. 0
it's great that you're here to correct the record on stuff that isn't being discussed 0
"Translates to: ""waiting for my supreme ruler to put it in a tweet""" 0
Good old days 0
Screams journalistic integrity doesn't it lol 0
Apples to my oranges. 0
In practice the most secular nations have the most robust social safety nets and the highest standard of living while the more religious states impose poverty and exploitation on their populations. 0
End-to-end email encryption has been around for a long while. 0
Yeah that was brutal to watch 0
I suspect each is carefully matted in a gold frame and hung with care to the ceiling over his bed for constant viewing while Tweeting alone in bed each night. 0
Talking about fucking other people's wives makes 'em feel like bigger men since their own wives are fucking their gym instructor. 0
Here comes the Liberals to tell them they are wrong because they are not white. 0
Piss off. 0
Your candidate is a racist madman who wants to hand Europe over to his buddy Putin 0
With 30D hookers! 0
Going to college in VT I look forward to this. 0
"Look at what the author wrote about himself: ""Advocate for truth""..." 0
And you would be correct...they are morons 0
Is the Secret Service going to have to speak to her about this brutal attack on a presidential candidate? 0
Complaining they never received their promised position is the opposite of proof? 0
By 3000 votes. 0
And veterans. 0
Oh like a healthcare savings plan! 0
Comparing someone to Dick Cheney doesn't sound very much like defending them. 0
So they're making a tax on voting basically?...huh. 0
Trump apologist. 0
I think inactive is a better word for it. 0
He was going to assassinate him with a sign huh? 0
Ahh now you see why the War on Drugs is a massive failure. 0
Minnesota as well 0
Destabilization creates profit opportunities for the 1%. 0
Polls. 0
So pretty much the same as all their other policy ideas. 0
It's great to see Congress working on the really important shit for a change. 0
You can bet your hands that a lot of the GOP is busy trying to figure out how this will be good for them (and to hell with what it does to the country). 0
But why male models? 0
Which polls? 0
Was Snowden one of the attackers? 0
...magic! 0
Romney would have absolutely destroyed Clinton. 0
Newsflash: Our view of WikiLeaks and Bradley Manning is going up for exposing the *truth* 0
Which would not happen in a libertarian world. 0
And the normalizing of absurdity continues... 0
Do you know what IF means? 0
Because you have to pretend like you care about violence. 0
the comment *did* cause TERROR in me. 0
Perhaps you need a political science class. 0
Why should Clinton or Trump debate Johnson? 0
Said every candidate ever. 0
honestly the whole pragmatism argument reads more like defeatism and cynisism. 0
ha 0
It would not surprise me in the least if that man had no less than two mistresses. 0
What statistics? 0
He clearly didn't double count open primaries and caucus' 0
I feel like this makes more sense than outright bans on specific sizes of drinks 0
Funny how Harry Reid and Obama were both against this before they had power... 0
It is supposed to be both a democracy and a republic. 0
Why sure and that is because white people killing black people is downright patriotic to our extreme right wingers. 0
this is **politics**? 0
I class petty theft quite differently from rape. 0
And I'm sure they go to r/politics and link posts from Breitbart. 0
He's the type of guy that would hand out blankets to the Native Americans. 0
I am disgusted on a daily basis by how much Twitter has enabled the voices of the truly ignorant and belligerent to overshadow all else. 0
So far only one candidate has an arrest record... and I love him for it. 0
A lot of people use that word.... 0
"Funny how Bernie has been ""gaining"" for months while still managing to stay 15+ points behind Hillary." 0
"Turn the other cheek is hebrew for "" HOLD THE FORT TO THE LAST MAN""" 0
I feel weird about it too. 0
"Lol back to posting the articles with the unsponsored ""Donate to Bernie"" banner ads." 0
Yawn so scared 0
Your condescending attitude is surely going to convince him you're right. 0
That's what I was pointing out. 0
Can we make sure he's also for nuclear weapons proliferation? 0
that's optimistic 0
A Freedom Fire^TM 0
And not bought by fucking Romney's people -_-; 0
Your name makes the salt even more tasty. 0
Why would they report a fake story? 0
Grist is a reputable source. 0
#fillthestein 0
I wouldn't trust NPR to lie for Romney... /FTFY 0
Stahp 0
I would also like to know. 0
Serious question... Which Super delegates are lobbyists? 0
For refusing to endorse a man that clearly goes against his values and policies? 0
For the love of god I hope they ask that orange idiot about this in the next debate. 0
"Next up from the Daily Mail: ""I'm the Love Child of Hillary Clinton and an Alien from Alpha Centuri!""" 0
It's funny because no significant firearm legislation has occurred during the current administration's term. 0
Does Hillary pay you to shill for her? 0
Oh come on guys... This is Huffington Post Blog... 0
I am just waiting for the gay scandal. 0
because it's what really bothers him... and it's a sign of weakness. 0
I know here in North Carolina illterate bearded men have been a real problem for the last couple of decades atleast. 0
It robs them less than the current insurance system.... 0
Science doesn't care how YOU define experiments. 0
swish 0
Republican candidates are better liked by Americans when they're not talking. 0
That's funny because he's fat. 0
Good one. 0
Well with the recent SCOTUS decision to allow corporations unlimited campaign contributions I think it won't be long before we are all using Wall-Mart or Exxon currency. 0
"After only scanning the article I'm willing to bet 1K USD that it was not a true ""Military style assault rifle"" found at the scene" 0
Hahaha ok. 0
Still waiting. 0
there is enough tax collected from you middle class peasants out there to run the government so the rich dont really need to contribute 0
Spooky businesses! 0
probably john barron 0
Obama's birth certificate? 0
That depends on what your definition of 'is' is. 0
90% of terrorist attacks in America since 1980 were committed by non-Muslims. 0
But nothing that was false. 0
That's a sound analogy as long as the cheeseburger voters don't realize there's glass in the cheeseburger. 0
What does that even mean? 0
I like how everybody finds their own unique reason to hate Trump 0
Well duh. 0
This takes me back to the good ole days 0
If her state votes to ban self-driving cars she can always drive for Uber! 0
And haters. 0
This is the American dream. 0
Shit like this makes me glad this guy is not president. 0
He's turning the swamp into a lake resort. 0
Thanks Hillary voters! 0
Clearly we all need to invest in TV stations so we can soak that sweet SuperPAC cash. 0
You can have military training without military physical requirements...... 0
okie dokie 0
Maybe 0
I'm cereal. 0
Why would she criticize her idol when she can obsess over #FlintWaterCrisis 0
Same reason the Senate will attempt to waste time on gun control bill which will never pass the house. 0
Catherine Meyer up in here. 0
Political parties aren't businesses and elections aren't an industry so I don't see how anti-trust legislation can be applied here. 0
Do you mean *clout* ? 0
You bet! 0
13-17 0
Who cares what plays on Fox? 0
And if some of the people re-offend because the illegal market is more lucrative? 0
"That's why they used the term ""arms"" instead of ""muskets and cannons"" in the constitution." 0
And free healthcare. 0
Lol 0
It was about 200 CE by the time there was anything we would recognize as similar to modern Christianity. 0
"It's telling that the police union thinks the term ""black lives matter"" is offensive." 0
To go with his tiny hands. 0
lol bipartisan lol 0
What are the chances that Clinton will not be the Democrat's presidential candidate? 0
They looked at his hands and then formed his penis to scale 0
Paradise in action :) 0
The fact that people thought he had a chance after losing his 3rd most favourable state (Iowa) is mind blowing. 0
Did you just rail against someone mocking a group of people by thowing him into a group of people and then mocking him? 0
"""meted out"" ""in proportion"" just an FYI (not a snark)" 0
False dichotomy much? 0
How do you cope? 0
Are you recommending Rubio go camping there after he drops out? 0
Bush knows the job and he also knows Trump isn't qualified for it. 0
I totally agree. 0
Why should it be assumed that a video of someone spray painting a word on a vehicle after others had threateningly held a finger in the general direction of them would be staged? 0
*spoke to 0
Which surely means the market is signalling the price is too high? 0
Here goes a chance for first lesbian president. 0
Same prize she earned in '08 by winning the popular vote against Obama. 0
ITT: Why I've lost faith in humanity. 0
Kind of strange to find myself agreeing with this nut job. 0
Shit are you trying to kill me? 0
That tingle's running up his other leg this year. 0
We know. 0
Very brave thing to do. 0
you like to attack girls? 0
The left has been grasping for straws since the beginning on the election season. 0
Just like Jimmy Carter. 0
It's probably safe to assume that both sides use cherry-picked information to support whatever claims they make. 0
Many adversities are actually partnerships or sole proprietorships. 0
Can we assume that Barbara is spinning in her grave ? 0
Smug asshole is smug. 0
Fox doesn't get to call anybody else mainstream or biased 0
Why would he be on that slide? 0
He certainly didn't buy it from a licensed dealer. 0
Talk about missing the point... 0
And they just so happened to be wearing uniforms and under orders from the Russian military 0
And you cannot prove that Sanders will do a single thing that he promised either. 0
Are they actually beating them though? 0
With a republican controlled congress 0
Do you have anything to actually say in any possible world? 0
"""rumors""" 0
You have a source? 0
Gotta love that conservative media brainwashing. 0
Apparently not if you add hot sauce... 0
"""The people who are the main proponents of gun rights in the country should should change the presidential nomination ""By getting involved in politics"" after the presidential election...."" makes sense." 0
'experienced' 0
They'd rather spend $2.4 million fighting what gains we have made in health care for everyone else. 0
because its alphabetical... 0
Or hes just staying by trumps side and giving ryan the middle finger... 0
Living in Oklahoma as I do I can assure you that the majority of people here have their heads so far up their collective ass that even if the Republicans ran a ticket consisting of Charles Manson and a gerbil that there is no way that Hillary would win this state. 0
Don't worry the GOP that lauded her when a Republican picked her will demonize her now that a Democrat picked her. 0
If Democrats had an echo chamber they would put out that RNC was suspected because he was thwarting their voter suppression efforts. 0
"Donald Trump isn't going after ""immigrants"" he's going to deport illegal aliens." 0
One man's turd is another woman's truffle? 0
Well everybody has to look and sound concerned for a few moments and look they're trying to do *something*. 0
If only they had run Sanders... 0
Cuz we don't like Russia. 0
It's where Christ is going to return. 0
Are... are we on the verge of total annihilation? 0
You would be correct. 0
Poe's Law is in full effect. 0
Become Captain America. 0
Please point out where I ever said that atheists couldn't also act immorally. 0
Downvoted for posting something Palin said. 0
I thought he took control back. 0
See also: Sanders surrogate Lucy Flores. 0
...there it is. 0
Because its her turn now god dammit! 0
Nobody is building an Apple or a Google in Iraq or any war torn region or even any third world country. 0
It's at least better than his usual anti-vaccination and anti-GMO tirades. 0
How bush league of him. 0
Whatever their corporatist masters tell them. 0
Merry Christmas! 0
lol 0
I was surprised this wasn't more in line with his instructions on how to get away with killing an 'urban' youth. 0
MY SPORTS TEAM IS BETTER THAN YOUR SPORTS TEAM \*Shoves face full of Doritoes* 0
Petraeus 0
Nor is the extradition permanent. 0
AKA satire movie. 0
K. Feel free to vote for whomever you want. 0
Stay classy Romney family and never let the deaths of Americans oversees pass without taking full political advantage of it. 0
There is *no* excuse to keep shitty people around in this economy. 0
Does this mean I can only pay 90% of my student loans back? 0
They vote together 95% of the time... 0
Compared to where we were when he took office he's made good on that promise. 0
Who pulled the trigger? 0
Deploying burners 0
I would describe him as more of an opportunist but you bring up some good points 0
"That's the ""magic"" of the free market!" 0
How is this a defendable position Are you joking? 0
"There is no alt-left that compares to the neo-nazi's that masquerade as the ""alt-right""." 0
Yes but Hillary's corruption means what to you? 0
I am a millenial therefore i believe if i say I am colorblind racism is solved \s 0
Please elaborate how so? 0
"also known as ""grasping at benghazi""" 0
The sheer lack of imagination of the Democratic leadership is fucking astounding. 0
Hawaii wasn't American territory yet because it was only an American territory? 0
Are the people unable to rise up and create a Syrian government for the Syrian people? 0
I mean ISIS really is beheading and crucifying people.... 0
As long as it is pro democrat it all good. 0
where will you get the other 100 million? 0
Yeah because the internet stops working on holidays. 0
Rick Perry shouldn't get a free ride because he is mentally disabled. 0
It takes a bit to get used to just remeber there was no malicious intent behind it. 0
Meh. 0
He's full of shit. 0
collect that CTR money 0
Might've been doable (no idea though) if the Right hadn't decided to play the obstruction game from the start. 0
Privilege has its privileges 0
Fap Fap Fap r/politics right now 0
Always remember to check their shoes. 0
Are we still doing this? 0
He may be trying for the -Karma record but he has a long way to go. 0
Which is why it's a shame to see someone who you'd think is objective and reasonable resort to such baseless arguments. 0
"""Feed my ego"" rallies." 0
They attract more eyeballs than a former state senator... 0
GOP will do anything to stay in power long enough to pull off a coup that guarantees they never lose power. 0
I would wager that true unemployment is closer to 20% in the US. 0
TL;DR: MSM stays on message. 0
Traitor Trump Torments Trumpeteers Tremendously Treacherously Through Trivial Twitter Tactics 0
when are we banning knives? 0
But they'd miss out on the protest selfie to post on FB! 0
"You spelled ""kill all of us"" wrong." 0
Is it financially wiser to move those staff and pay for relocation or to hire new ones in the states you're moving to? 0
your gay 0
Hahaha the same DNC whose: * Chairman resigned in disgrace * National CEO resigned in disgrace * CFO resigned in disgrace * Director of Communications resigned in disgrace And this is week 1 of the general election. 0
This was in Michigan so they couldn't support or oppose prop 19.... 0
hmm.....dumpster donalds entire campaign was a play book on white identity politics 0
How is she going to get 60 senators to overcome a guaranteed Republican filibuster? 0
Bernie Sanders is Reddit Jesus 0
You didn't stop to consider that perhaps it is two different groups rather than one group changing opinions? 0
At least Obama care exists...... 0
One of the many reasons we can't have nice things in this country. 0
If you can't see how ridiculous this subreddit has become you are super gullible. 0
Joe who? 0
DNC did the same with Hillary supporters. 0
If I could upvote this 1000 times I would do that for you &lt;3 0
The Roosevelts would like a word with you. 0
Its a trainwreck and I can not stop watching it. 0
Don't you think if they were fabricated the DNC would've said so? 0
Is this an anti-immigrant piece disguised as an argument for scientific methodology? 0
Mission accomplished 0
because democrats cry about anything 0
Only bank that would give him a loan 0
Or people need to pay premiums based on their individual risk profile instead of demanding everyone else subsidize them. 0
"How far had this country fallen when Glenn ""illuminati chalkboard proves Obama is a nazi commie Kenyan set to destroy America"" Beck is the voice of reason." 0
how can you accurately say those goals failed when the law hasn't even been fully implemented yet? 0
Sounds like a Chuck move to me 0
Moving the goalposts is not nice 0
Is his mother qualified to teach that? 0
pretty happy actually might have something to do with not spending my time standing in a welfare line... 0
Only once convicted. 0
Picking Pence is a pretty good decision if his sole objective is to get elected. 0
Everyone's free to tell us how wrong we are without getting banned like they do on conservative sites. 0
trump has done more for veterans than bernie 0
what? 0
Hmmm maybe you could read the article and find out? 0
Giving the media 36 hours to cover something that polling shows people hate is trolling now? 0
Is it really suckered if you see it coming? 0
The predominant view of people who support Ryan is that Obama wants to raise taxes on corporations and rich people to give it to poor people so that they will vote Democrat. 0
Because women everywhere menstruate with the precision of an olympic stopwatch 0
Engage! 0
Everything changed when the Obama attacked 0
SandersBall. 0
Yeah me niether...I'm not voting for Biden or Bill Clinton.... 0
My absentee ballot is already in the mail. 0
The time for that decision is before insertion of the impregnating instrument. 0
Not much both spell poverty. 0
I guess when you're a hammer everything looks like a nail. 0
Oh god now I can hear the cackling. 0
That polls are meaningless. 0
and the result was ? 0
Along with the rest of Uncle Ped's catalog. 0
They spoke about picking China hosting dinner parties. 0
Each person working a single year of their life should provide enough resources for everyone to survive comfortably. 0
*Gold Star Dad on the Clinton Payroll 0
TIL a cop is not the police. 0
Morons on Facebook. 0
Why not just make murder illegal? 0
This was 3 days ago. 0
Most other countries don't have a culture of politicizing the judiciary and get by fine. 0
So who do you guys think will run against President Hillary Clinton in 2020? 0
So all these papers which endorsed republican candidates for over 100 years are are all of a sudden corrupt? 0
I'm afraid you are indeed correct. 0
Says the guy that has Trump_KBG as a username. 0
or thrust out her pelvis at him. 0
Cruz is the millionth untrustworthy televangelist 0
How very unchristian of you... 0
That would mean Reddit gives a fuck. 0
At least the Court is not so profoundly ignorant as to believe Obama has anything to do with drone strikes. 0
Banning all Muslims from entering the USA?... 0
Fixing it is not the plan. 0
If the shoe fits... 0
A broken leg can run 100k or more. 0
And downvote. 0
Very suspect indeed. 0
I find it funny that declining a sobriety test (exercising your 5th ammendment right) gets you arrested. 0
Signs don't vote 0
A point that is meaningless when you examine how each of their campaigns are funded in fundamentally different ways. 0
Can they be executed? 0
Yeah there's a huge difference between editorializing and governing. 0
Hmmmm so maybe phone cords save lives..... I'm going to start sleeping with one. 0
LOL the anti-gun cry babies crying about getting downvoted. 0
this politifact is less than 6 hours old... 0
That particular wrinkle in our current space program has always bothered me. 0
Throw in Michelle Bachman while you're at it. 0
Is there any evidence to support this conjecture? 0
Not sure if trolling or serious. 0
That you think it's the boomers... Divide &amp; Conquer in action folks. 0
And the DNC should be held accountable. 0
For the people who were overpaying for shit they apparently did not want to begin with. 0
"And remember when clinton told wall street to ""cut it out"" and we were all supposed to be satisfied with that?..." 0
They never had and they never will 0
17% of Hillary supporters voted McCain. 0
That is such a sinister photo. 0
you obviously havent been keeping up to date on why the individual mandate exists. 0
What happens if you cut your hair regularly? 0
Oh ffs 0
Still better than Trump. 0
Some anecdotal stories from some disgruntled employers does not suffice as valid evidence to support the claims. 0
This is the very definition of the fallacy 0
r/thatHappened 0
I accept my downvotes. 0
Reports were that it was 30 people... hardly the protest of the century. 0
I can't tell if you think that is good or bad. 0
You have highlighted her only positive attribute for many... 0
It's also a case for wrongful termination. 0
Sorry misread your comment originally 0
Im saying some people feel more comfortable believing in some well-organized cabal pulling all the strings rather than the chaotic reality. 0
Hes gonna kill it! 0
Hope it was worth it. 0
"Only in the US would declaring that a ""balanced approach"" is required with respect to ending the conflict and perhaps overstating a death toll be considered ""coming out strongly against Israel""." 0
I always have to go back to the island analogy to try and teach people exactly how things should work. 0
I believe they are beneficial to the nations economy. 0
Actually he just came off as a total dick the entire time.... 0
GOP logic = Conspiracy theories 0
2/10 You tried. 0
You 'assume' as you see fit but training won't overcome biological differences any more than college will overcome stupidity. 0
How would you even know if they had? 0
You should learn to read. 0
And direct traffic around construction cones on bridges when they aren't in school. 0
They aren't neck beards? 0
Clinton News Network 0
Too many people know what santorum means. 0
Why the fuck is this not getting attention...damn trumpes. 0
Who's Alex? 0
Live by the sword... 0
Twitter seems to be full of Donald Trump. 0
If only he was actually a big spending Democrat we'd be in much better shape. 0
National Association of Marlon Brando Look Alikes? 0
You've got my vote. 0
RIP Trumps campaign. 0
Her public political views are hideous but she's a dime still even today 0
I really hope that they are reading all the things he's doing. 0
Unless you gay or black or mexican or brown or not republican. 0
Labor Unions are corporations too 0
"What one of them speculates on in the morning becomes a newsworthy ""some people are saying"" accusation by the afternoon." 0
Experts would agree they are they are probably descendants of Vlad the Impaler 0
After a year and a half of publicly harassing them himself... 0
Pretty easily. 0
When you put it in those terms... Jesus Christ. 0
Trump loves Hispanics. 0
Because we haven't had a budget pass since Bush 0
He would make a great Redditor. 0
Does one of these agents have a fiction book they're hawking? 0
And some police dogs. 0
Whose tattoos? 0
Large organization that uses fear for political gain == terrorism. 0
Funny how they want to make him apologize but Donald has never apologized for his offensive and degrading campaign. 0
No. 0
#HesWithUs 0
Who? 0
touche....touche. 0
Spoken like a true Donald Trump supporter 0
Trump seems to have the trailer trash vote locked up. 0
False flag or soros seems to be their main MO. 0
I honestly can't imagine how hard that must be 0
Do you disagree with their stance? 0
That would require actual brain power though. 0
"Can I take that as ""no comment""?" 0
Bernie is Jewish. 0
Why hasn't he done this already? 0
Priebus and Ryan are so fucking done with him. 0
Twist ending: it is intended to help correct spelling for slurs. 0
no i am sernie Banders 0
This mindset is why bipartisanship needs to die. 0
Inquire at a Church of Scientology near you. 0
First lay out his path to a majority of democratic delegates. 0
They're just making meth in those corn husks. 0
It'll be bigger than the dead cat that he wears on his head. 0
Ya I get the whole Israel criticism against Clinton but does anyone else care about how Hillary (very likely negatively) will affect our relationship with russia? 0
You better roll up your sleeves Mauser793. 0
Are all cops white? 0
Real good argument you have there. 0
the propaganda machine pumps out anti Sanders articles relative to how well he's doing in the polls ... ignore him when he's behind ... smear him when he gets too close to their Goldman Sachs Goldwater Girl they contribute to (corporations and the news 'reporters') 0
Hard to question the will of 3 million people 0
One does not pack The King of the Battle. 0
Not according to the Donald. 0
Yeah they're supporting pushers pushing it to more people though which strengthens every other aspect of their organization sooo you're a godless immoral being. 0
I think your view may be a bit skewed because you get to live in Austin... 0
Polls didn't adjust for voter suppression efforts or rigged voting machines. 0
"""Marijuana"" is a term that has been around the early 20th century." 0
What do you feel could be the purpose of bringing it up (since you're not fortcocks)? 0
Soylent green! 0
Probably has some ounce of pride to protect as compared to those losers. 0
"You have a very weird definition of the word ""truth.""" 0
attributed to bad judgement... go figure? 0
Trump makes Trump look bad. 0
Does anyone know the Obama Rommney/McCain ratio? 0
But... but... this goes against what the hive mind was saying! 0
Comparing a presidential candidate to prank videos just sound so satirical. 0
Sun rises in the east.Trump vindicated by rigorous fact checking 0
That was the beginning of the end. 0
more like naive enough to think billionaires and corporations give them billions of dollars just to be nice 0
At some level international relations increase our capacity for trade 0
Bernie Sanders 0
A pox be on Fox! 0
Like telling cops its OK to treat all people of color as criminals. 0
context? 0
Kansas ~~Schools~~ Will ~~Close Early This Spring For Lack Of Funds~~ Screw Over Their Citizens Because the GOP Won't Keep Their Promises. 0
Ah the Libertarian dream.. 0
"And here I was hoping he'd be bringing back ""bull dagger.""" 0
Crapception 0
Just like the emails until she lost atleast. 0
A few more terrorist attacks and Trump will seem too left. 0
Can somebody give me a tl;dr of what the fuck is going on right now? 0
So you want to remove the only price control measures and ruin insurance for everyone because you're mad your kids are expensive? 0
So you're literally just handing over the election... 0
In what ways are they different? 0
Spark the recovery! 0
Its true 0
I see no dumbfuckistan. 0
She will get the experience as VP... 0
Did you even watch Trump's speech last night 0
What makes you think they couldn't handle being sovereign? 0
When they temper free speech because they disagree with it dumbass. 0
A frozen head on a tuna can. 0
Not gonna happen unless he does something really bad. 0
Exhibit A: r/politics 0
Thank you for the civil responses and for actually being willing to reevaluate your stance- those are both rarities on this site 0
but... but emails... 0
Oh for fucks sakes 0
"Poor kid was probably just thrilled to have a ""friend""." 0
"""I'm down with the blacks"" FtfY" 0
Are you pursuing hapiness? 0
Dude needs a punch or two in the face. 0
So not the state where she was born in and lived for nearly 20 years? 0
Pepe died for our human sins... Feels bad man... :( 0
I think many American Jews share you sentiment. 0
lol 0
So the Democrats are bombing republican offices according to you then? 0
what Rick Perry doesn't understand could fill the Abyss. 0
She was being viciously attacked with Trump quotes! 0
Your comment makes no sense at all. 0
Thanks Morpheus but im fine here in the Matrix lol. 0
Meh that's generous. 0
12. 0
"The ""Sanders sucks less than Hillary"" argument is not a valid reason to nominate him as the Democratic candidate." 0
I'm still collecting barrels of tears the GoP keeps crying since '08. 0
Probably less to do with a college degree and more to do with critical thinking skills and proper recognition of logical fallacies and ability to properly apply logic. 0
The irony... 0
Waste of money 0
A little late to the party don't you think Gary? 0
I am saying this article is not about armed drones so comments from people acting as if it is are pointless and off topic. 0
Well she didn't... So. 0
Ted cruz zodiac killer confirmed. 0
55% of Iowans are sensationalist republitards 0
There are people literally paid to spend their day on social media to defend her. 0
Pete Stark was an atheist. 0
Give me one fact he provided that was false. 0
"This must be part of that new ""poverty-fighting mantle"" the Republicans are claiming." 0
If he gives out plan b that will make fewer children in need. 0
Da. 0
I voted for Bernie 0
I wish I could pretend to be Mike Huckabee so that I could shower in the delusion I was worthy to be president. 0
Why should he appease you extremists by saying it? 0
Can someone tell me what's with the large amount of comments and so few votes? 0
Surely you don't mean his wee willy winkie. 0
"More solid crazy talk from Bobby ""the exorcist"" Jindal" 0
Nobody here is arguing that she's worse than Trump. 0
The Flying Monkey Legion (FML) 0
He's editing his post not to say it. 0
That gets you banned. 0
Right now it's more about Obama than Osama. 0
This is a nightmare 0
Republican negativity is comedy gold 0
Is it because Bernie likes to be around other self-righteous people without real answers? 0
They are going to be saying this for the next 4 years since that's all the criticism they have. 0
I don't get how people don't understand that the laws don't apply to the clintons. 0
Whoosh :( 0
"""Tall where it counts"" Heh" 0
And he still won... 0
So Hillary is beating him because... she's more authentic? 0
He killed the coyote *years* before he was indicted. 0
Secrecy is no defense. 0
Exactly this... 0
235 days and counting 0
How much money do we have to pump up from the middle class to the top .1% before we see the first dime trickle down? 0
That's how martyrs are created. 0
That would require critical thinking; something that too many people lack. 0
reminds conservatives of their vietnamese whores from back in the good ole days. 0
So they are complete morons 0
Ok 0
In other words about 20% of people rule over the other 80% 0
Only on r/politics... where a Daily Show segment attacking Obama won't make it anywhere near the front page. 0
Right and if gun owners are less likely to take part in the survey what is the end result? 0
"And most importantly he doesn't represent an existential threat to the ""business as usual"" establishment within the DNC." 0
Maybe he should have started taking it seriously when he decided to run last summer. 0
We said that about gay marriage. 0
Or eat a bullet. 0
"""Let's burn this motherfucker down Pookie!""" 0
Today is his birthday. 0
Kobe! 0
gays getting married is what I was told or legalizing pot or woman voting or children going to school instead of working in mines or ........ 0
"""I can see the bottom...why is it getting closer?""" 0
This is not a legitimate news site. 0
Trump and Trumpkins just got BTFO. 0
So someone called Sean Hannity to stop lying? 0
"Are ""factual errors"" the same thing as lies?" 0
If by strengthen you mean point out pathetic whining over part of the political process that no longer serves leftist idealism then yes. 0
They would probably see Ike as a RINO now-a-days. 0
I wouldn't quite say that yet. 0
First Lady's Man. 0
And yet she just keeps winning delegates....somehow. 0
Someone should explain to Mr Magoo that the little red squiggly line under a word means it's spelled wrong 0
I guess Bernie made the decision of his own free will (he didnt he's now a DNC puppet) 0
I think the usual argument against repeal is that it weakens church-state separation. 0
*whoosh* 0
That is so wrong. 0
Which will be one of the first job to disappear due to self driving. 0
You don't need to be right to win an election. 0
The RCP link is just rehosted fox content so it's just one source - some guy from fox. 0
Give it about another 8 or 10 years and all these old baby boomers will be dying off. 0
Isn't that when the ATF murdered all those women and children? 0
quite philosophical. 0
syrup with ice wrapped in a maple leaf? 0
Opensecrets has their donors and expenditures BTW 0
The GOP will need their own version of Sulla for that. 0
now lets restrict access to welfare - that'll teach 'em. 0
"Maybe because your first attitude is ""they want to see sad black babies more often""" 0
I can see Trump using Frank's system. 0
Well those are made for men and pretty much the only men to wear them that I've ever known are military I'm going to go with she isn't wearing sock suspenders. 0
And also in favor of each city having its own missile defence system. 0
Im sure it was when it was out originally. 0
"Dude you're not even real ""everyone"" knows Hillary supporters are a MSM invention." 0
yer moms should step up her game. 0
Gotta love America 0
NPR was the absolute fucking worst for this. 0
That came from Martin Shkreli (who's studyed Parkinson's) and he has no political preferences 0
no today we learned anti trump people think two triangle put together automatically equal the star of david 0
Rating: -775 (from 847 votes) Well done Reddit. 0
Self denial will just make us win that much more next time around. 0
I like boiled cabbage 0
It is a tax on the freeloaders how don't buy health insurance. 0
Well the criminal thing prevents *some* shitty people from having them 0
My god...may the memes guide us 0
I couldn't agree more. 0
don't care 0
He's 70 but he is the oldest person to assume to presidency. 0
"Her stance on almost every issue seems to be ""at least I am not a crazy republican!""" 0
"Betteridge's Law of Headlines: if any headline ends in a question mark it can be answered ""no.""" 0
"Except he said that he would ""talk with"" NK which confusingly got a lot of people upset (which I assume is because Trump was the one who said it) as diplomacy is a good thing...." 0
That only applies to the laws they like. 0
"""White guilt"" is a buzzword used by racists to shame others for not being racist." 0
If Trump wins Kellyanne Conway is going to be in demand every election from now until the day she dies. 0
Reddit for Bernie Sanders 2016! 0
They'd only get off on it. 0
Bernie after foreign policy (as of the last ~20 minutes) is putting on a show. 0
I appreciate the deliberate contradiction. 0
My most favorite of conspiracy theories. 0
I care a lot more about what he says than what you say. 0
That's not a reason. 0
or are the fact checkers falling asleep while listening? 0
That's what I said with a lot less official sounding legal doublespeak. 0
Please do this please please please. 0
I hope I'm not the only who is enjoying this comment. 0
Only republican anythings are allowed to do anything... according to Republicans. 0
Someone doesn't understand how industry works 0
Well then Goldman needs to buy a vowel. 0
"""aushwitz talk""" 0
I don't see what would indicate I possess one? 0
THIS needs to be the headlines in every paper. 0
do you really want a free market system? 0
Sturt? 0
That can help with the popcorn. 0
Weird how Trump fans aren't at all critical of his weight... 0
It would cost a lot more than 1.6 billion dollars to build that facility in the USA then pay higher wages to American employees 0
People who fill out porn site surveys probably aren't a great cross section of voters 0
And praying really hard helped us win all those battles... 0
But their system allows for more than 2 parties... 0
I guess I missed the part where the redditors were the head of a major political party acting in an official capacity... 0
You went wrong by assuming they've thought ahead. 0
Johnson 0
What are the chances CNN and MSNBC will bring up deb to ask about this? 0
Irrelevant. 0
I thought Russia wasn't a threat anymore 0
And property values around train stations would go up 0
Still sexy. 0
What have the Clintons done for Black voters? 0
I'd read a your book if you wrote one. 0
Walmart being cheaper is a myth. 0
According to the First Amendment. 0
Could you imagine if the republicans actually split their votes and HRC won? 0
"""Any customer can have a car painted any color that he wants so long as it is black.""" 0
Doesn't mean they did no wrong. 0
Hopefully he moves away to Russia or somewhere else in Eastern Europe and stays away from America and tells all of his cult followers to join him in the exodus. 0
I like that we're already starting to talk about his candidacy in the past tense. 0
I'm worried they'll soon be former allies. 0
My favorite is Vanilla ISIS 0
How many Arabs can you kill with a glow-in-the-dark highway? 0
Pot holes takes on a whole new meaning! 0
Already posted on Facebook. 0
We already bomb the hell out of them and did when Clinton was SOS. 0
What did it help in specific? 0
The funny thing about Hillary is that people like her a *lot* better when she's already got the job. 0
I found it telling that we heard more about Ryan's playlist than say Medicare or foreign policy. 0
Cough cough cough 0
Didn't seem to stop Trump 0
I guess he could back out at the last minute. 0
And where do those reports go? 0
Here's an idea: read the article. 0
Why do you think so? 0
They still paying this hack? 0
Then you recognize this effect as not too different from when our operating system freezes from mishandling. 0
Whats aleppo? 0
It's actually LGBTQIA+ 0
You realize this article was written by Jennifer Rubin who is anything but liberal. 0
Fox News destroys CNN in the ratings too. 0
Maybe he'll get some Trump University vouchers? 0
"I think he misspelled ""Speed""" 0
just sitting there eating poison because fuck it 0
As an SF resident I'm very disappointed by this. 0
We have had nuclear capable bomber at Incirlik essentially on Russia's doorstep for decades thus disproving your lame ass theory. 0
Implied consent does not superseded explicit denial of consent. 0
So lets DRAIN THEM PEOPLE #draintheswamp the last Trump true projection 0
No shit 0
usually due to an aging demographic that follows those news outlets 0
Or write-in Sanders. 0
Their president is a terrorist who grants immunity to vigilante mobs who murder people suspected of having drugs. 0
Ironic. 0
Everything Krugman writes in his column is an opinion piece with no evidence... why disregard one and not the other? 0
Sounds like somebody knew somebody... 0
Are you talking about the Obamacare website? 0
Whoa it's almost like he was in an election against her or something 0
The internet is full of misinformation. 0
I don't plan on having a family so I don't think the government should be rewarding people making minimum wage that have babies. 0
Lol 0
Can we make it one giant hydroelectric plant to harness the power of the tides? 0
Lol 0
Oligarchy. 0
He said that there wasn't evidence that proved that she had committed a crime. 0
He also has absolutely no chance to win. 0
Sounds like a good way to formally convince hundreds more protesters to gather. 0
So if you are the youth pastor you should know the difference between holy matrimony and legal marriage 0
Vice lol 0
Epic fail. 0
"That's why I think the ""further the conspiracy narrative"" strategy is the most plausible explanation." 0
I always recognized the Comey's criminal activities as he used the power of his office to help his republican allies 0
I don't even trust a weekly chronic. 0
This sounds like the sequel to Joanie Loves Chachi. 0
I'd doubt it 0
All you need are a few generals that share the same idea. 0
The same thing happens with Churchill who had much worse deeds to his name than FDR and for some reason the hatred towards Roosevelt is much higher. 0
Linking to buzzfeed is ok now? 0
That would create incentive for govt to persecute ~~the rich~~ everyone. 0
Dam liberal media always supporting Clinton. 0
Who said anything about a video? 0
So it sounds to me more like the law is enforced? 0
Gleen Beck needs to suffer just like that poor girl some say he raped and killed in 1990. 0
Same thing that happens when unions go on strike. 0
LOL that would be their first outing of the issue. 0
nice job misunderstanding the issue 0
Let me guess: he'll call for lower taxes 0
What a brave thing to say. 0
but it was a searing not even 80 degrees out! 0
You don't know that for a fact. 0
Or maybe he can do what Rand Paul did and just run away. 0
"I don't have the time to watch a stupid video that some Trump supporter keeps spamming in every thread saying ""this is the reason for x""." 0
I really hope hugs don't become the new flags. 0
So let's remove the middleman and be ruled over directly by the wealthy! 0
"HRC did promise ""Manhattan like project"" to ""defeat"" encryption." 0
Most teenage boys I know are less rapey. 0
You have no idea. 0
Why do you think the Republicans are staging this witch hunt? 0
We also have more people on both ends than the 1970s. 0
Or we decide to just treat Saudi oil like Iranian oil. 0
Mostly teachers / young / poor. 0
Even McCain running against him went and declared him a good honest family man 0
Nobody invited him 0
Marching and chanting for dead cops is a clear sign of a hate group. 0
And didn't die. 0
Book sales. 0
Because it is being done in the name of 'God.' 0
Tough cookie. 0
Well Clinton is perpetually skating on thin ice... 0
Slow news day huh. 0
Um...independent here.... 0
"""too much"" Benefit of the doubt: typo rather than illiteracy." 0
We're all so used to masturbating to nothing that it's quite easy! 0
People die from curable diseases and suffer from avoidable anguish in other developed countries too. 0
I would say they are too late. 0
Strawmen can be hispanic now? 0
But thats sexist to suggest sexism is being suggested as an argument for sexism 0
Hillary's 9/11 0
gods will strikes again. 0
Vermont is literally the easiest population to please in the entire United States. 0
what corruption was he involved in? 0
"""Responsible"" gun ownership." 0
It was for Hillary supporters. 0
You could move up 8 years earlier if you're Asian and interested in some lifestyle adjustments. 0
She should have learned from Jeb that money doesn't buy the office 0
Comparable doesn't mean 100% exactly the same. 0
That sounds like a Japanese game show. 0
Biden v Carson would be the best debate I can even imagine. 0
The gods'* 0
This song is in my head every day when I wake up and it has been going on for months... Help me... 0
Free Cascadia when? 0
He's heavily in debt. 0
No they are saying that only their views are right and any outcome that doesn't match them must be illegal. 0
He must of been thinking of the good ol' days when he sat in the stands and watched the Chicago Cubs win the World Series. 0
Members of Congress can legally do insider trading. 0
Cointelpro tip: next time ridicule my spelling (Diebold ~ debold) 0
I'm pretty sure if you don't have a passport it's more domestic than foreign ;P 0
This is what I get for trying to be nice and use some Socratic Method instead of just blatantly insulting idiots...*smh* 0
Those people are insane. 0
They couldn't be conservatives if they did.... 0
well only one of them was actually allowed to speak at the debate 0
Because they're mostly nothing. 0
Well cloths have a bad history of wiping things. 0
A leopard. 0
"Because he's on ""their side.""" 0
"More like ""Guaranteed incremental change"" now vs ""small chance of radical change"" in the future." 0
I'm glad you found it useful. 0
"For some reason the topic of this article is so stupid my mind translated it to ""I knew the debate was over when Donald Trump was up"" ... Then I read the first few lines and realized I trolled myself." 0
I trust the government with firearms far more than I do my neighbors. 0
Thats just a sad way to look at people. 0
It's probably better that people assume you're a kid because then you have an excuse for sounding like one. 0
falafel anyone? 0
How lucky for you. 0
His supporters will be there only ones able to see the wall. 0
"I just laugh at the 'filp flop' from ""YOU GUYS ON REDDIT ARENT DPING SHIT"" to ""YOU GUYS ON REDDIT FUCKED IT UP BY DOING SO MUCH"" Very Hillary-esque!" 0
Barbour was once considered a potential 2012 Republican presidential candidate but I guess the allure of money is stronger than his drive to live in the White House. 0
I heard the editor or somebody on the radio today and they said they only stepped in if there was an existential threat to the republic. 0
I had to read the title 5 times before I understood it 0
They have incentives in other countries; BRIC countries literally throw money at them. 0
My body my choice of self defense. 0
No 0
Money in an envelope mostly. 0
Do it again! 0
Bigly. 0
...because he's a fucking nutcase. 0
Awesome 0
The connection is she actively voted for a trade agreement which was solely based on creating tax havens with a country that isn't open with its banking laws 0
Zhironovsky...smh 0
A Fox link I can upvote! 0
Dubya already did that for Yale and Harvard. 0
Because the left is the most pandering racists shitheads this days. 0
"Ahh the old ""we are hoping you die before collecting benefits"" plan." 0
But most of the GOP seems to claim that they aren't scientists and therefore can't make any comments on the matters if science. 0
No it was just a bad one. 0
I'm pretty sure you can have any reason to change your mind. 0
Millenials aren't without their backwards views either. 0
Yes now that would be entertainment. 0
You rang? 0
Rubio lost his own state (Florida) to Trump and he dropped out of the race (technically suspended his campaign but that is only so he can continue to take in donations to pay off his campaign debts). 0
You lost. 0
Is that what you took her statement to mean? 0
Betteridge's Law does not apply here. 0
If she hadn't been the focus of fox new's ire the last 8 years I don't disagree. 0
We thought it was cartel surveillance and acted on the threat. 0
If that's all you read then you really are only seeing what you want to see. 0
While Hillary took another day off. 0
That's one of the stupidest things I have ever read. 0
Melania Trump = Sad 0
Everyone has to register as Muhammad Muhammad. 0
Especially when (smart people are saying) those funds go to NAMBLA. 0
Is it really single issue if he has multiple deal breakers? 0
All of them? 0
i'm a bernie supporter and he would likely agree with things i've been saying to you 0
Lol so his relevancy is what is keeping Ecuador from giving him up? 0
Socialist Sun 0
But there is not enough money to fund our schools. 0
Would have too if Republicans hadn't stopped him. 0
Impossibru. 0
Awesome news =) 0
The whataboutism is strong with you 0
Same percent who thinks hillary is literally lucifer 0
Setting them up on a table and handing them to supporters who didn't bring anything just so they could hand them back to Romney for a photo op...yeah...evil bastards. 0
Feel free not to. 0
Keeping expectations low? 0
Zing! 0
yes. 0
When a white guy does it to thirty people and they all say the same thing happened you'll have yourself a relevant comparison 0
Unfortunantly very true. 0
hummus? 0
So you mean to tell me fucking Ben Carson can out-raise Sanders 10 to 1 in Oklahoma and there's not a problem for Sanders with that? 0
Shouldn't a judge in the highest court actually have courtroom experience though? 0
ASU 0
Does it update live as he changes his policies by the hour 0
What about Uncle Ruckus AKA Clarence Thomas. 0
She's winning in votes but not in my heart lmfao 0
Especially when you have a major political faction out to fuck up any regulation to prove regulation doesn't work. 0
Louie Gohmert and Steve King. 0
How's that supposed to change between now and the debates? 0
Because he can't deal anyone talking about anyone but him 0
I assume the number of states in which recreational marijuana is illegal. 0
Not racist but number one with racists. 0
It IS as crazy as it sounds. 0
Fake news sites like this are the reason the US is going to the shitter. 0
So what's your excuse for FOX News? 0
That comment = Milton Friedman rolling over in his grave. 0
Why do the rights of a fetus supersede the rights of the mother? 0
but its legal ask john yoo 0
More anecdotal evidence that you've gleaned from left leaning websites? 0
the campaign snatched his phone. 0
I'm glad your skills were not damaged in the written communication department. 0
I'm sure we'll get saved by a rubber tree. 0
As someone who graduated from this high school I'd love to know which teacher this was. 0
Land of the Free (r) 0
The answers you seek are in the linked article. 0
the op submitted an article talking about Clinton new book of bullshit lies. 0
The hazards of being surrounded by yes men and flatterers. 0
It sounds like he was sober when he wrote that. 0
There's always agorism. 0
Looks like Bill really doesn't want to be the first male FLOTUS (probably just wants to stay home and dick more bimbos). 0
I hope you don't have a 401k or IRA...Trump will be way worse for those 0
He's a #whinylittlebitch. 0
They should check r/politics more often then! 0
Trump has made stupid and mean his brand. 0
Clarkes law strikes again 0
The DNC doesn't want the party flooded with progressives 0
Evangelicals don't support the mass murder of innocent people. 0
After it came out he was ranting about baby killerS. 0
fucking gold 0
hopefully just enough to keep him in the race. 0
As un-American has sending money to offshores or outsourcing jobs to underdeveloped countries to increase profits. 0
It's like they're children trying to emulate the toxicity of their awful mother 0
Scholar can slapped by my balls 0
And I don't think Hitler sexually assaulted any women. 0
The Clinton camp lies are multiplying 0
"I just heard a gaggle of republican talking points from a clinton ""supporter""...I think this whole team mentality is killing our process where people think it's ok to do anything as long as their team wins." 0
makes the jacket look like a purse for old ladies. 0
Is it? 0
The Republicans desperately need you to forget their record. 0
Okay well if we agree on that then I guess I don't get your point? 0
Low energy 0
A studio apartment in Manhattan costs about 600k 0
Because it's so rare. 0
You think it is good that Trump calls people out by name to warn them off of using their 1st amendment rights to say things? 0
Shit website is shit. 0
Insubordinate... and churlish. 0
Oh they're still allowed to use that as an excuse? 0
Lol 0
Exactly. 0
They are already allowed to vote 0
U wot m8? 0
Strange they never asked for a special prosecutor to get to the bottom of the debacle of 9/11 and Iraq. 0
I don't think the pope is claiming to be an American constitutional scholar 0
But enough about the Democrats in 1932 0
Yeah aren't most of these places we've been bombing white on the the census? 0
ugh...what an irredeemable creep. 0
Buy California pistachios they are superior. 0
Have you ever seen 'Titanic'? 0
Source please. 0
Quite possibly. 0
it would be challenging for any GOP candidate but Trump won the primary so becomes the Nominee that is democracy 0
Next thing we know he will tell us what the ideal woman is and that all the rest need to go to camps for ugly people. 0
*Sniff* 0
Don't worry that Republican Majority Congress will surely save you from the trade agreement that is so important to their backers. 0
The real reason to say it's dying is that it does very poorly among millenials and the baby boomers are rapidly aging. 0
I'll write dad in if he doesn't get the nod 0
When Trump is involved the safe money is betting that he is the one lying. 0
Now that's thinking outside the box! 0
"""Why can't you just accept the person we selected for you""" 0
Mission Accomplished? 0
No 0
For conservatives* 0
Paid internet troll working out of a Soviet-era flat in Volgograd. 0
"And both are equally qualified to make ""music""." 0
lol you are so angry right now 0
Hillary's Correct the Record out in force. 0
Works every time 0
It's almost like climate change is important 0
I'm all for using the information we have but that that does not mean it is a good idea to pretend the data we have is actually reliable. 0
A lesser purpose than taking Wall St bankers and whipping them through the streets in exchange for bailout money. 0
99.9% of economists are not Austrian. 0
Depends on how many people I piss off online any given day. 0
We'd need to consider which vehicle they're driving and the victim's vehicle. 0
Good point. 0
The polls are the only things that matter to the Clinton Campaign 0
"""if you don't vote for my candidate you're wrong.""" 0
Doesn't surprise me after what happened at the Florida School for Boys. 0
If the DNC didn't collude with the Clinton campaign and super PACs &amp; defraud the American ppl perhaps 0
God if only politics was more than winning and losing 0
Why wasn't Weiner arrested for sexting a 17 year old? 0
No draft. 0
Merrick pawn in Game of Thrones...or House of Cards is more like it...and upvote for Blazing Saddles reference... 0
Can't even consider it because I won't be wrong. 0
Thankfully I don't have children and at this rate probably won't. 0
Where is American conservatism about regressing to feudalism? 0
I'm still laughing 0
And yet her dad supports it. 0
Maybe if we still fought wars with shields and spears this would be compelling. 0
Orgies and balloons? 0
They're uneducated and misinformed. 0
Well who can argue with logic like that? 0
He speaks in Mad-Libs. 0
Can you spare some salt for my HRC celebration margarita? 0
You're a bad hombre 0
I love how so many of you think this was a true story. 0
Pretty sure he's eligible. 0
Tesla will also be out all kinds of subsidies and research grants from the government to keep costs down. 0
Now get all of those people to vote for the same third party and we're making progress. 0
They have been told that that which is the solution to their problems is their enemy (soft socialism). 0
Get ready... for disappointment? 0
Only if it required a law suit to allow other religions to bless the site. 0
If the candidates love America enough to wear diapers who are you to not do the same. 0
I would agree with that. 0
Because Obama likes it. 0
Is there a link to the full segment? 0
He is? 0
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if a nigerian email scammer would score higher marks than she has 0
I thought comparing everything to slavery and Nazis was the reason he was winning? 0
I would if he went less crazy in the general 0
1986? 0
Fuckers will probably write it off on their taxes. 0
I'm a Grammar Nazi: This comment has been Blitzkrieged 0
The road to hell is paved with good intentions 0
Your mental gymnastics are incredible. 0
No one is pushing to do that...... 0
Yet his wife is the bastion of Women's rights by not making Bill accountable? 0
And the adults are voting for the non-quack 0
Across the board the GOP only offers bad choices and worse choices. 0
And Scalia REALLY likes seeing it! 0
Kansas law makers don't seem to understand that when you craft a law designed to create brinkmanship political chaos is all but assured. 0
And the UK will fail because it has lost its leverage with the EU and the EU is going to make an example out of them to quell and countries trying to follow suit. 0
Drug test the entire legislature too. 0
Germany has a public option and isn't single payer. 0
But it's something the left and right can agree on! 0
And the legislation takes laissez-faire to a whole new level. 0
Can't wait for the 3am call ad on him. 0
I don't think you want to hear my opinion on their paychecks 0
That's quite an imagination there Cotton. 0
what does that even mean 0
You are probably right which is sad to say the least. 0
absentee ballot. 0
There are no moderate republicans any more. 0
Hillarys massive lead? 0
Does he know what they do to adulterers in theocracies? 0
I bet you cannot even provide a definition of a political or social liberal. 0
Not even close to the worst. 0
I'm going too vote as many times as they'll let me. 0
Well last time he had no army of fools.... 0
AWESOME point 0
Makes me wonder where John Kasich is? 0
Stick a fork in her if he's telling the truth 0
And Walker.. Cringe 0
are you saying there was a poll for trump supporters to see how many were racist? 0
I guess I'm not sure how I wasn't civil with him. 0
Hooray for antisexuality! 0
Less crap on TV is good. 0
Better than cost of living going up without wages doing so.. 0
You sound butthurt 0
Many would argue he already is. 0
I suggest setting your bar a little higher. 0
"""Look at all those A-list celebrities who find me so sexy that they want to have sex with me!""" 0
"""What better an outsider than a woman"" can't imagine why she'd mention it..." 0
Damn illegals voting again. 0
"That ""significant portion"" is greatly overblown in terms of actual size as they are both tactically smart and louder." 0
It's not mainstream if you get sued for it 2 times by the administration. 0
Absentee voting. 0
but my religious freedoms! 0
Fair enough. 0
Doesn't he want to eliminate income taxes entirely? 0
As is your retort. 0
*A party. 0
Donald Trump is a Clinton? 0
What about the goddamn Batman? 0
Let me guess you've voted Republican all these years and you're confused why you're not getting ahead... 0
The Obama parts 0
FBI indictment 0
"Not near the level of ""look at this picture of an old guy that may be Sanders walking to work""" 0
Eh she's no Penelope Cruz 0
I thought this was about a madrassa in the *country* of Georgia. 0
Darwin works in mysterious ways. 0
The Bible 0
Don't be an asshole 0
The 30 million dollars in fairly beneficial I'd say. 0
*Everywhere you look...* 0
LOLUMAD 0
He is in some Ken Burns Documentaries. 0
As if the media isn't also giving Bernie a free pass on this issue smh.... 0
Understatement of the campaign. 0
Zimmerman has troubles too. 0
BLM is supported and funded by george soros 0
And it's often about race. 0
He should have done some research 0
"The author needs to look in the mirror when it comes to his side of ""omg you don't support xxx so you're bigoted""" 0
But it isn't a plausible claim for self defense... 0
Except any of the ones you actually talk to... 0
I'm sure something is already on the drawing board 0
You're all so unbelievably self-centred that you will continue to engage in illegal activities and then point to the consequences *you directly caused with your disobedience* as reason to change the rules. 0
"Now how can we bash this into the heads of all those ""States Rights"" people?" 0
But Trump told me everything in the NYT is a lie. 0
Clinton's own appeal doesn't expand beyond her own base and her base is crumbling not solidifying. 0
Well we don't disagree 0
Does anyone think he can tell the difference between God and the Devil? 0
it means preggo and barefoot in the kitchen 0
thats the joke.jpg 0
When did I say that? 0
Thats a big check 0
I still see comments claiming that everything was Bush's fault...? 0
I just hope they'll wait until after the primaries... 0
"I imagine Rupert hitting the producer with his cane yelling ""more subtle""." 0
No jail time? 0
Should've been the name of his Autobiography 0
Why would they ever change their ways if their ways get them elected? 0
Hopefully more like the party of more people voted for anyone other than Trump. 0
Hilary intentionally gave her lawyers her email and then lied under oath... 0
Yeah Bernie supporters are far more violent 0
GW 2000 did this too. 0
true 0
You just need Hillary to bring you to heel. 0
MAGA hats are too good for trump. 0
This program is extraordinary unaffordable. 0
Does the firearm need to be functional? 0
Cheers! 0
let me answer your question with another question: did that person go 30 years identifying as the opposite sex? 0
Made me feel like a creep. 0
Which isn't at all the reason why the Clinton investigation didn't find anything illegal. 0
Republicans are out of real ideas 0
Lol can't be serious 0
Ron Paul's lasting legacy..... :P 0
r/circlejerk? 0
Totally - there are a lot of addicts but we 100% should not put the needs and well being of those who abuse the medicine willfully over those who need and take it responsibly. 0
"""If""" 0
And? 0
Mike Jones 0
Who the fuck thought it was a good idea to let the confederacy decide our president? 0
You can't explain that! 0
He's gonna destroy her. 0
yeah realism is hard for the bernie dicksucker amirite 0
"There are no ""terminator genes"" on the market and there never were." 0
Poe's law 0
This shit right here is why Trump is doing so well with the uneducated. 0
Personally I would say TV news but idk if that would work for the analogy. 0
It's a good thing Sanders is still in the race then! 0
What an evil witch! 0
"Haha ""lost in a squeaker""" 0
that sounds extremely quixotic 0
Because Trump represents something reprehensible to diverse factions of the US political system from left wing progressives to right wing neo-cons 0
Man this post got brigaded hard! 0
All others pay cash. 0
Is he in involved in a missing-white-girl case? 0
\#StallInTactics 0
Does trump scream about bringing jobs to america or are you retarded? 0
"I wonder how the people who keep promoting the ""Chicago Gang Mentality"" of the administration will react to this example of mob-style vengeance from a Republican." 0
"Or he's capable of ""getting an abortion"" within 6 months." 0
A pardon wouldn't magically remove the restrictions on letting them leave Guantanamo. 0
I suspect there is a sizable portion of the Democrat electorate who'd vote for Hillary even if she died. 0
They just destroyed the official 9/11 report. 0
Just like the media's attacks on Putin! 0
"By ""wins"" do you mean receives fewer votes than his opponent?" 0
What is the first lady gonna do about it? 0
He also said we should give them nukes. 0
Can't forget about old people 0
I agree 100 percent. 0
Stupidest headline I've ever read. 0
Probe. 0
I'm flattered that you looked into it! 0
Bullshit unless a police report is filed. 0
Got some links for that happening in Ferguson? 0
Any civil discussion here to be had regarding Democrats raiding the Social Security retirement program to bail out the disability program? 0
For the love of god please leave my state forever. 0
And why would they risk something like that when they could have just picked up a phone? 0
Please don't procreate 0
He is proof that god does not exist because if there is a god he would have struck this jackass down with a lighting bolt by now! 0
Weiner was only showing solidarity for Harambe. 0
I am more worried about Israel bombing Iran and trying to drag Uncle Sam into the fight. 0
I do hear Joe Lieberman avoids bald black men with purple lightsabers. 0
Your panties getting all knotted up over this issue is of zero interest to me. 0
Nope 0
you mean douchebag bros? 0
If this weekend is him winning I can live with it: Clinton's lead before the weekend: 199 Clinton's lead after the weekend: 199 Huuuuuuuuuuge Bernie comeback 0
Aren't you a cunning linguist. 0
Mine had one in Radiation Nucleonics. 0
k m8 0
she is uniquely qualified to run the empire. 0
The fact that he's not the best president in our history is a testament to how many good one's we've had. 0
Untrue but those other people didn't run. 0
This is the real vote rigging 0
"""like that time period you never experienced and just invented what it must have been like in your head""" 0
It's all propaganda. 0
And they want you... they peek under your clothes and grab your nuts. 0
How about dumb electorate manipulated by money? 0
And Rasmussen is heavily biase in favor of repubs usually giving them 5 to 9 points above any other poll. 0
Even his own party considers him an embarrassment... 0
There must be something terrible in Clinton's wall street speech transcripts. 0
Maybe you shouldn't make up your mind on medical advice without knowing any of the research. 0
Can we just fast forward to the year 2024 and forget this election. 0
I'm talking about the reddit economists of course! 0
They're just upset because they can't want you dead until your born. 0
"""Emailghazi""" 0
But it's a big what if that Donald could truly dig his heels on 0
Reminder that Donald Trump has been slowly gaining on Hillary Clinton in national polls since the Brussels attack. 0
New Jersey governor is a hell of a lot more liberal than most repubs these days. 0
Have you? 0
You aren't using that word correctly. 0
I particularly agree with your last sentence there! 0
This X 1000000 0
Not to mention that his baby parts video caused Planned Parenthood shootings. 0
Yes because making it **illegal** for people to pool their money together in order to advocate for something is equal protection.... 0
"I hope a nice warm glass of ""liberal tears"" is worth all the painful stupidity and regress we are about to endure." 0
"Just remember the gun control motto: ""Nobody wants to take your guns""" 0
Suck my taint. 0
Keep that bullshit rollin' 0
Tell that to HA Goodman. 0
Fuck you Piyush! 0
You're referring to the Golden Age. 0
Wouldn't a release to the public force an indictment if there was major stuff in there? 0
Couldn't happen to a more punch-able face. 0
Would be funny if polling is off and he gets defeated in a landslide making all his backers being dragged down with him 0
That doesn't make it better. 0
But where will all the contractors get their money then? 0
please get off our freeways - protest by voting 0
I'm sure the Trump campaign will graciously appreciate the subtlety. 0
It also feels like they like the racism flavoring too. 0
She never said that. 0
I agree with your sentiment but disagree with your logic. 0
Maybe it's that he's not white enough? 0
What is Ross Perot? 0
r/noshitsherlock. 0
i read that title and took way to long to realize bernie sanders isn't calling the animator chuck jones. 0
but but but that wasn't trump 0
Let's hold off judgment on the Clinton presidency until it's been a couple of decades since she left office. 0
Propaganda like a wall or propaganda like terrorists around every corner? 0
Why did you delete it? 0
and true :) 0
This is what happens when you don't come out to vote. 0
I'm just adjusting to include the writings of the original amendment. 0
I'm not sure you understand how percentages work. 0
I don't think there is a chance in hell that he'll win the general. 0
"I would suggest getting rid of the words ""seen as""" 0
Are these the people I keep getting in argument with? 0
I've never seen one for registration. 0
Gotta love California's strong stance on climate change. 0
Don't be racist. 0
Most likely it will always continue to be in republican's favor too. 0
It will be liberals. 0
My fear for the next two years is that you're about to see how true that is. 0
Only comment and we're already slut shaming. 0
How is that racist? 0
Unless you're gay or a woman. 0
I just can't understand how gun nuts can sit there with straight faces and say that guns are harmless. 0
"""adopt(ing) private insurance"" is not a fair way to describe maintaining the existing public system while allowing citizens to buy additional insurance" 0
Username checks out. 0
Fixed: The **IN**justice Department ... 0
Many no longer have to work to afford healthcare. 0
The former......I guess my comedy edge needs whetting. 0
but bombs don't and they are just as easy to make / use. 0
the silence says it all. 0
Trump gets free publicity because the whole world is watching American politics like a circus. 0
If a frog had wings it wouldn't bump his ass when he hops 0
44% are fucking morons...[?] 0
You guess wrong. 0
Just corrupt as fuck. 0
She looks tired doesn't she? 0
And she got into Harvard.... wtf? 0
I read that in a mind grating way.... 0
Saudi also purchases a lot of hardware. 0
Nice... 0
"""I'm plowed to be an old white man... but no one undershtahnds me...""" 0
I like Bernie but it's just stupid to try to speculate the meaning behind something like this 0
What Mussolini did for Hitler. 0
Because you're not. 0
(It wasn't $upposed to.) 0
46 more seconds then clinton though 0
You keep using that word... 0
The point is you would have a more vested interest if you were fined for not voting. 0
I'm 18 myself and the older one is like 17ish if I had to guess I'm not sure though 0
The level of mental gymnastics required to sustain this level of reasoning is Cartman-esque. 0
Difference is yours would run in half the time and not be exploitable right? 0
I really think a large dose of Haldol and a strait-jacket is more appropriate. 0
You don't want to see Trump's ideals crushed so their supporters know that the views are no longer accepted in America? 0
It takes morons like you run a successful surveillance state. 0
Great rebuttal. 0
If she gets more than 2% in the actual election I'll be shocked. 0
Has to be 0
Sounds like the cut off is a bit high then. 0
Gonna go with the usual false victim complex. 0
I'm surprised he didn't grab the doll's pussy. 0
"""recent?""" 0
*King of the Hill theme tune* 0
Obvious troll fails to answer the question. 0
I wouldn't call going from 4 years to 2 years a massive plea deal. 0
Also calling it an experiment was a way to try to bias participants to expect fine tuning and not assume it is perfect already. 0
Yea buts he's gonna run against Joe Sestak... 0
This is going to be a long 4 years. 0
As many as you want 0
Coachella. 0
How *dare* they have different views than you. 0
So we're the_donald? 0
but both camps are using dead soliders as political tools. 0
*job creators 0
If there is a message there they lost it in the telling. 0
Which is why campuses hire security. 0
"Who said $250k/year was ""rich""?" 0
but don't ignore the fact that castle doctrine is a product of ages old Anglo Saxon law 0
Because he is. 0
They hear that whip crack and BOY do they fall in line! 0
But he has the best temperament 0
Release your speeches Hillary. 0
"I'm going to to need you to attempt to explain how ""abortions save the lives of countless children""." 0
If this reaches the front page somehow I'll eat my hat. 0
I forgot how unusual it is to change your mind after 17 years of age... I guess this makes Sanders creepy rape essay fair game then. 0
but just because the other side is more wrong doesn't make the twisted shit your side does any better 0
Lmfao you people are hilarious. 0
Didn't he go to rev wright's church for twenty years? 0
Lol at all the people having a hard time trying to refute this post. 0
"Republicans' reaction: ""We are free to do anything because Democrats are fucking pigs""" 0
Too bad school is a fucking joke and has been amazing at turning a generation of the luckiest kids in the world into complete sheep. 0
I think even NPR knows that he had those products out in response to Romney and Rubio's comments. 0
Plot twist - Melania is a Russian spy. 0
Obviously it was a figment of her imagination. 0
Sad 0
Just call Sean Hannity 0
White Power! 0
Thank you for that reminder. 0
Have fun with your fascism and complete stupidity. 0
Better title GOP house... 0
All planned out after the Romney loss. 0
Kim 'herpes' Davis 0
"Those were all ""the other night""?" 0
It is game theory not anything on party loyalty or people's intelligence. 0
Never blow your load early 0
I believe he'd start a war with North Korea over a tweet. 0
and then shown the congressional inquest what proof of your method? 0
Holy shit that's a far better analogy. 0
This shit gets upvoted ignorantly from the politics subreddit without discussion and then hits the front page where at least rational people can comment on the validity of it. 0
Please don't make me explain what the word Base means in regards to politics or tell you that I switched affiliation just to vote for Trump in the primary. 0
Not on anything important. 0
Lol at how I heard Bernie's infrastructure plan in his stump speech before Trump even announced his candidacy. 0
Obviously someone who has never died of CO2 poisoning... 0
No they should fix it now before they have time to think up another scam to screw up the country! 0
Tell me your thoughts on Hillary Clinton. 0
Frankly she doesn't act like she cares now. 0
Well.. He does have napalm in his username 0
Clinton News Network. 0
the right wing has a history of violence in this country. 0
can the poor even afford tickets or the cable fees 0
So viral in fact that bullshit is coming out of both ends. 0
"Just because there hasn't been ""full spectrum"" reform of something in congress for a while does not mean you jump at the first one that looks good on the surface..." 0
Yeah but he wasn't under the Hillary standard. 0
"""No-one's gay for Penceman...""" 0
These tea party groups are ~~money laundering organizations for the~~ Koch brothers 0
Clooney endorsing Hillary is evil because Hillary is evil. 0
That figure of businesses shedding employees is true but only in the short term. 0
Would have given her much more enthusiasm than Kaine. 0
Then I guess those hundreds of millions of dollars to be spent agains him aren't necessary... 0
Not sure who that is as I left Cali in 2012 and was only there since 2007. 0
Leicester was 5000:1 0
I will remember.... 0
Great! 0
Maybe the democrats should have explained their platform instead of calling anyone who dared to question them a sexist racist xenophobe. 0
Money has always been involved in our politics but as of Citizens United it has reached absurd new levels. 0
Like many white people. 0
...betrayed America to feed his bottomless narcissistic hunger for attention and power. 0
does this mean I can drive from the women's tee in the next tournament ? 0
Lolwut? 0
Rules 1 and 2 0
What actions? 0
Tell that to his ~~cult members~~ voter base. 0
She embellished a lot 0
Don't tell that to Paul Ryan. 0
She's out campaigning and wining the election. 0
Lol my personal account of the times I used CCW to preserve my life is currently a 0 at the bottom of this thread. 0
This article has been spammed about 10 times already 0
Author's name checks out 0
your bait is weak sauce son! 0
Says who? 0
"""I'm going to file a lawsuit on those who voted against me.""" 0
Very well stated. 0
10/10 sarcasm 0
Except you don't pay someone hundreds of thousands to get a yelling at. 0
TIL white immigrants don't commit crime 0
They use the phrase 'pro-life' against the right to die movement as well. 0
I wonder how much coverage this will get. 0
"im just asking what ""low energy"" is" 0
Looks like Fox News will be getting themselves a dirty Sanchez pretty soon. 0
And also said that he would defund them because of the abortions did he not? 0
Am I speaking to a 3 year old lmao 0
City to the west from Gyna. 0
Who is Scott and why is he free? 0
Why remember that inconvenient fact when they can blame it on Trump? 0
Polls this far out from the election are fairly useless. 0
Look dude I'm not your personal profile picture consultant 0
Super Tuesday should be renamed Bible Belt Tuesday. 0
Why are you spamming this same comment on every article 0
Nobody's electing a third bush. 0
Trump = coward 0
Swamp is officially over our heads. 0
Lol nice try at deflecting. 0
The sooner a one nation world is formed the sooner we will all have the ability to join the star fleet academy. 0
Why is Kaine so bad? 0
"Editors: ""let's edit that out...""" 0
I don't think that's even logistically possible given Guantanamo's size 0
On both sides? 0
Bernie Sanders: White People Don't Know What It's Like To Live In The 'Ghetto' 0
she needs attention 0
not the entire election but part of it... 0
With comments like this it's no wonder discourse doesn't happen in America 0
"Let's add ""operating heavy machinery"" as part of presidential job description so we can require a drug test (just for debates)." 0
yall motherfuckers need talos 0
How would this stop the SuperPacs? 0
He's been a member for a long time and an active member of the community for over 3 years. 0
"""We elected an internet troll president"" - Dave Chapelle" 0
You are nothing if not maladjusted. 0
lol the most American response itt 0
As far as I know - yes. 0
Ugly on the inside. 0
Investors have no reason or incentive to do that. 0
Why did I cringe from reading this title? 0
ah it's great to hear that subsidies will cover the cost increase since we all know that subsidies are funded by money that grows on trees. 0
The gop doesn't want to send all that cheap labor packing. 0
because they know we won't elect romney. 0
German isn't a race. 0
The Middle East is not home to any major powers. 0
He's a fucking idiot 0
Of course it's another trash piece by the Bernie hack HA Goodman 0
What is racist about that comment? 0
I suspect Obama's views re: handguns in Chicago have always been different from his view on handguns in America and they have not changed. 0
You're saying you hate america? 0
Voting is for the little people. 0
No taxation without representation! 0
We also have to ensure that there are fewer companies providing access to the internet to continue to make the market......more vibrant. 0
Nobody is responsible for anything. 0
Didn't HuffPo say they weren't going to mention Trump anymore? 0
Putin thinks trump is a malleable fool. 0
Yeah it was just a lame joke about his stupid party name. 0
I work to live and not the other way around ... but sadly there are people who really need it to survive ... damn you should really fix this situation... 0
FYI Sanders has no transcripts to release that aren't already public because he doesn't sell private speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars. 0
Yards and touchdowns dont have to live with the policies of the winning team. 0
Now the plan is Mexico is going to reimburse us for the wall 0
So now your tax dollars can go toward forcing women to have your children... 0
We currently have both. 0
I like that term. 0
You stupid fucking sociopath. 0
Utter chaos takes time to emerge from power vacuums. 0
Damn kids. 0
In a month her medical records leak and show its AIDS and *then* her campaign will claim it's only Parkinson's. 0
Heh.. will he boast about how generous he's supposedly being by not bringing it up? 0
"I don't remember where but I recently heard a quote that was (paraphrased) ""people who obstruct peaceful revolution only inspire violent revolution""" 0
Cant let facts get in the way of feelings 0
This game is still the tits. 0
I wonder if all the Trump supporters planning armed insurrection are just joking around. 0
..and those unwilling to risk anything by doing something about it. 0
Lol...If it was anybody but trump maybe but the fact is Trump needed a warm body to fail with. 0
I mean he goes to court for fraud at trump U and for the rape of a 13 year old soon... 0
/thatsthejoke 0
Hillary plans to have a press conference on november 31st. 0
You missed my point entirely. 0
It shows integrity when a bought politician stays bought. 0
Why cant we worry about America first 0
deserves life in prison but i have doubts he ll get half of that. 0
9...11 0
Yeah his parent's were Afgahnis WHO FOUGHT THE SOIVETS ON THE SIDE OF THE AMERICANS! 0
Maybe he'll use the apprentice to select the SoS. 0
PA's is pretty bad 0
Fear is a fantastic motivator. 0
Part of that less government more jobs platform I suppose.... 0
When will there be action taken instead of just talk? 0
"The Bernie who tweeted ""never lose your sense of outrage"" would be proud" 0
Do you know what the difference between an anecdote and a statistic is? 0
If only Trump put a moratorium on himself. 0
Bernie we need you to do this. 0
All the other irrelevant things we talk about on a daily basis 0
Doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results... good plan. 0
Everybody burn a flag on January 20th to welcome Trump's inauguration 0
Funny thing is that Bobby Jindal was one of the governors who created Common Core and was a supporter of it until very recently when he realized the Tea Party was against it and he switched sides. 0
But EMAILS. 0
And as a user isn't that what you should want? 0
The politicians prefer that the people remain ignorant. 0
This belongs in r/nottheonion 0
Way more than the two candidates. 0
well some people think it is softening while other people think it is more of an hardening 0
Is she allowed to call TLC from jail? 0
I don't because I believe in altruism. 0
Sounds like the Walker mess in WI and the Brownback mess in KS. 0
This isn't the title of the article. 0
We finally figured out who exactly was sending money to all these Nigerian diplomats 0
You people piss me off. 0
The words you are looking for are: idiot savant. 0
It's never over! 0
It more has to do with that clinton has significantly ramped up her attacks on this subject in the recent days. 0
Until he decides to upgrade again and she's just an honorary mention ribbon. 0
Six or half a dozen 0
I'd rather keep those dollars and use them on a black hoe. 0
"Ahhh it wouldn't be election season without nonstop ""scandals.""" 0
Nate is a *mess* 0
It can only get in the way of job creation (or get out of the way). 0
so far.. 0
A social conservative libertarian is an oxymoron. 0
Andddd that's all speculation so you really can't be saying that! 0
Since when does American consent mattered to politicians? 0
Putin wants to crash our economy and put us through what the USSR went through. 0
What was your point then? 0
Kasich? 0
Just a little under 25% of ameika supported him 0
But the point isn't who would win but the destabilizing effect on the eurasian continent. 0
You're a horrible person. 0
And it would be helpful if people didn't down vote when they disagree. 0
It was more that Maher didn't want Mitt Romney to win. 0
Speak for yourself. 0
I think I agree with Betteridge. 0
It's actually a good point. 0
Are you saying Rand Paul doesn't have the right to call himself a libertarian? 0
WTF are you talking about? 0
Harry Reid is set to go nuclear - in his underwear. 0
Well you're not going to have GMOs without Monsanto involved. 0
Not if you have an average education these days. 0
Careful you might cut yourself on that edge. 0
How about getting us Trump's tax returns? 0
"You're right - we should all avoid telling people they *are* x Much better to say ""Hey you're *acting/talking* like x""" 0
Do you have proof of him being a racist? 0
The Sanders spin machine is in overdrive. 0
ITT: A bunch of pant-shitting cowards crying that their right to play out their Rambo fantasy is being taken away. 0
What about his girls though? 0
/hailcorporate ! 0
About 100 of them are voting against their constituents by supporting clinton 0
except mel gibson 0
Seems like that would be the expected content following a vowel obstruction. 0
Mhm sure 0
most kids say getting pot is easier than getting cigarettes 0
Oh yeah Trump loves my username 0
Fucking dangerous is turning our country into Russia and having our elections decided by people putting bullets into politicians heads. 0
###**REDDIT** 0
wow talk about delusional. 0
Are you even old enough to vote? 0
Was not expecting that. 0
The dumpster fire has been lit. 0
Putin maybe supportive but I don't think the Russian people would offer thaw same suppot. 0
The successful should contribute their fair share back into the system that made them successful 0
Who the fuck is Michael? 0
The Donald was an inside job. 0
Don't forget that Chicago was only recently forced to sell guns within the city limits and issue conceal permits. 0
This just in: Scott Walker just talked to the Koch Bros and was told what his position should be on this issue. 0
Come on Ronco! 0
Bryan Nishimura 0
I'm still looking forward to Secretary of State Kid Rock and Secretary of the Interior Chachi 0
But the interests of the economy and the interests of the environment need to be balanced. 0
Big brother is watching. 0
and it don't matter what he get done cause they want to bitch about anything he does anyway Hurr hurr 0
"I feel embarrassed by the ""America Held Hostage"" attack of right wing extremism." 0
Do you hold negative bias towards people of a particular racial or ancestral background? 0
I honestly think the concept of GW is way too complex for those adamantly against it to understand what it is. 0
They're black and protesting so they're obviously BLM 0
No 0
I am confident that Obama would have easily won a third term if that were allowed.... 0
"""Please do not: Word your own title for link submissions. """ 0
Careful what you wish for 0
Trying to define women by the ability to create life is sexism 101. 0
Their public funding was massively cut. 0
this article is a great example of what happens when idiots try to explain 'science' to other idiots. 0
Pics or it...etc. 0
It's pretty much 'Florida Man' but with a little more gravitas. 0
Tears of the joy of owning a Ferrari do not count* 0
They're still in school. 0
The hatred and greed of old people just isn't very funny? 0
Did you hear about the time I was in a club and watching women have sex? 0
Psychiatrists treating veterans who were psychologically wounded from the horrors of war. 0
The IRS themselves have stated that there's nothing stopping him from releasing his returns on their end. 0
They already don't really campaign anywhere except swing states. 0
Just blame Chicago and San Francisco. 0
Did you not watch this election? 0
seriously is this a snippet from your manifesto? 0
"I would say ""Because they have no interest in being President"" would definitely be the answer for the vast majority of people." 0
Agreed someone already said this earlier. 0
What plan? 0
It's none of your employer's business what you're doing outside of work. 0
"More like they hate other people's freedoms when they down align with their beliefs... which is pretty much every ""Religious Freedom"" legislation." 0
He's aborting our freedoms! 0
What's wrong with Le Big Mac? 0
Nailed it. 0
Inb4 Kasich ends up winning 0
Worse than Nixon's jailed John Mitchell? 0
Would he actually be able to make that separation go away if he was elected? 0
that could be the slogan of my states governors and senators (Ky) 0
Isn't that essentially just pre-Southern Strategy Republicans? 0
If she's a woman she's a true heroine. 0
When that system involves compulsory participation by the government. 0
Say bye bye to our children learning climate science. 0
Still not as dumb as the_cheeto. 0
He'd fizzle out by the end of August 0
Marx effected the real world in ways greater than making sure his followers never got laid. 0
I'd say 'woosh' but why bother... 0
Hump/Truck? 0
reported for incivility 0
Well say hi to Titus for me. 0
Trump as Frey confirmed. 0
Then she's free as it'll say it wasn't alive when she did the act. 0
In this scandel of the day media climate it's the only way to keep the story going. 0
Still illegal if there is a law against it. 0
Or better yet Hillary will be blamed! 0
The south or the original articles of confederation? 0
........Yes 0
The font page headline seems to have been invented in 1912. 0
'culling the herd' 0
I dont see how this guy get confirmed 0
Paul Ryan! 0
*Kosher* weed :) 0
I especially enjoy the miracle of Melly's wind blow dress. 0
three words: wouldn't make a difference. 0
It's hard to leave when you can't find the door... This has to be one of the best 'guilty pleasure' songs... 0
We will always love you Pop 0
shock and Awe sounds awefully like blitzkreig 0
Yeah it's just like all the college students donating to Bernie because he promises free tuition. 0
Of course he does. 0
If you say so. 0
those are the polls that have the one 19 year old black kid who's weighted 300x more than the other people in the polls and they just happened to get the one 19 year old black kid who likes trump. 0
Sure as long as you are fine with a war that continued until the mid 1975 tearing this nation to shreds. 0
SEVEN-teen! 0
Whoosh 0
Obama? 0
Something you should notice is that we have zero air bases in Israel. 0
And your expertise on the concerns of Saudi women comes from where? 0
Of course comrade. 0
Why would the scotus be involved? 0
Bernie Sanders is Reddit Jesus 0
Work with both sides of Congress to get shot done. 0
This election needs more Sting. 0
I thought it was the republicans who very much care. 0
I had forgotten about him. 0
I get the feeling you are very young. 0
Warming isn't change? 0
Secret Service? 0
nice 0
Reddit libertarians 0
The guy literally said go riot at Trump rallies What the fuck are you talking about video games for? 0
They just blame who is not white it's very easy to do 0
These same ratfuckers upvote Hillary email articles from the blaze every other day too 0
The cities can relate to eachother yes thank you for agreeing with me. 0
23 was in reference to 2024 for the confused 0
It's refreshing to see someone who realizes that we should raise taxes on the young in order to pay benefits to the older generations. 0
Where can I find a sub for completely non civil discussion? 0
It is known. 0
All the gay bashing and watching New Orleans drown affected him. 0
Democrats are liberals 0
So we should now be regulating private business profits because they choose to pay the minimum wage? 0
junior seau was so fucked up he killed himself but shot himself in the chest so his brain could be studied CTE is no fucking joke 0
Could it be because the entire MSM has promoted racism at every opportunity? 0
And background checks and licenses. 0
This thread is an ignorance magnet. 0
That's a great point as well. 0
Well you still got what i meant (: 0
Because he always bet with other peoples money; never his own. 0
...says the Senator who railed against Wall Street and then turned around and endorsed Hillary Clinton. 0
The Christian Taliban are haters...I'm shocked! 0
Something they've already failed at over 40 times. 0
Stalin was much worse than Assad. 0
And facts.... Those pesky facts... Clearly the facts are biased as well... 0
Musical talent does not make a relevant political commentator 0
Sounds like Trump has an opponent for the Republican Presidential nomination! 0
Thank you. 0
I think Trump and Moore share the same hair stylist. 0
So why did they fire Foval then? 0
Stumped Trump 0
It would be if that's what their labor was worth. 0
Trump is literally the most coddled presidential candidate in history. 0
Agenda 51! 0
Was there a convenience fee? 0
HAHAHAHA NO 0
you guys were right 0
Well where ever the conservative movement went with in the two major politcal parties and theme of racism has followed. 0
are there any big names challenging him? 0
What about a crystal compass? 0
Now that's trolling! 0
...and the billion-dollar paychecks probably don't hurt. 0
I think this must be a student of one of those special Koch funded courses. 0
Looks like the republican state has the right idea in protecting peoples rights. 0
That turned out to be a parody but such a believable one. 0
Ha! 0
hush according to Reddit she is the devil and the source of all evil in the world 0
7 dimensional risk 0
No worry. 0
Make them pay the people they wrongly confiscated stuff from double what it was worth out of their salary. 0
It's been said that it's mathematically certain that everyone on the planet is related to everyone else by at least the 34th cousin. 0
It's true; they are prejudiced against being shot by a mob of gun wielding rednecks. 0
*crickets* 0
You should do more research on Mother Teresa. 0
The only problem with that thinking is that they're 'surrounded' by virtue of being a circular firing squad. 0
Well that's the way things should work. 0
Maybe now they'll be worried that he'll 'go after their families'? 0
"So he's ""Crooked Donnie"" now?" 0
Vermin Supreme 0
"Reddit is actually the only place inventing these ""friends in high places"" I've seen no evidence of." 0
"Someone who worked on Scott Walker's flameout of a campaign is a ""heavy hitter""?" 0
But it's not effective and for most Americans it goes against our morality. 0
In California IDs issued in other countries are accepted when getting a driver's license. 0
Bernie Sanders is Reddit Jesus 0
The caucus process is a joke! 0
I love how you used evidence to support your ignorance 0
where in that post did I say that democrats were any better? 0
We'd likely hear about it from those we typically ignore on the Internet. 0
Just like women's ability to prevent pregnancy when raped. 0
Actually - in the end it's gods fault (if you believe in god) - he's really at the top of the organizational chart and should be held accountable. 0
Is that what they're calling loans with 7% interest now? 0
Did he also promise to increase income or just to reduce taxes? 0
Wikileaks propaganda. 0
Find me an article where MotherJones is lying. 0
Private policies are just opinions. 0
A legal argument can definitely be made. 0
It's not just his appearance that's killing any chance he has. 0
protest just got 10 days longer 0
The party of bigotry ladies and gents. 0
Was 0
It means putting caps on donations and doing away with secret donations like super pacs. 0
"It's the usual ""I can't refute the facts so I'll attack the source"" strategy of Clinton apologists." 0
Think of the day when we can finally link the name Trump with loser 0
White people rape other people all the time SEND EM ALL TO THE ARCTIC. 0
Wow 0
The pic didn't work 0
"What does ""put the kabob"" mean?" 0
Holy delusional 0
The_Dongle told him so 0
Cruz won on Ben Carson supporters. 0
Will not be. 0
How dare I. Forgot to check my responsible adult privilege... sorry guys. 0
Are you saying democrats are rigging the system with this ruling? 0
"Or if the most scandalous and crooked nominee the Democrats have ever run gets nominated for the general because it is ""her turn""" 0
Bush pretended to be a Texan... 0
The mass media like him so they keep promoting him. 0
I plan on making bad decisions well into my 70's. 0
Until Nate Silver says it's important it isn't 0
All the bombs Clinton will drop on other countries have to be carried by drones and planes that burn fuel. 0
Pretty sure that falls under giving oneself a gift in office. 0
Apparently and infinite amount if times. 0
Problem? 0
Thanks for a rational reply! 0
"""I am the one who knocks...on wall streets door""" 0
I hope you are being sarcastic 0
"She did say ""yes"" and when she saw him macking on another woman she than said ""he's dead""" 0
Hillary's resume is also pretty impressive considering she sacrificed her a lot of her career to raise a child and support her husband. 0
It's like Alex Jones and Huffington Post had a disgusting love child 0
Bit of a shame people are only going to look at that 8 second clip. 0
So why would it not be racist to require ID for firearms? 0
its definitely gonna be something 0
Go-go-gadget tinfoil hat 0
Media's covering that shit up already. 0
Modern China is basically really successful capitalism. 0
Why can't I ever be a part of these polls? 0
Yet you are fine with killing family members of terrorists. 0
I'm saying they're not perfect. 0
This is what honor looks like. 0
You have successfully made yourself a contender for having the most amount of wrong that could possibly be included in a single sentence. 0
Yeah because conservatives treated Obama so well... 0
"Can you name one ""corrupt but competent"" leader in history who did something good for his country?" 0
I am interested in your argument against if you have one. 0
...the republican party would then choose a candidate... also; What Republican would want sanders or Clinton 0
noice im stealing this for my government class 0
That's massive increase for capital gain across the board for everyone. 0
The baddies. 0
No word yet on the far more invasive PRISM program. 0
I believe that's against the law. 0
This election is going to be quite thrilling for you. 0
Because you contend the Supreme Court rules based on feelings? 0
Yes 0
How you gathered that from what I said..... just helps portray why you guys push everyone in the middle so far away from you. 0
You have literally no idea how the law works. 0
But why should Independents be able to decide who represents the Democratic Party when they're not even a part of the Democratic Party. 0
The Civil Rights movement involved a lot of rioting. 0
I guess that director will be looking for a new job in about 9 days. 0
That's very well put. 0
You mean Bully Bush? 0
It's hardly name-calling when it's factually accurate. 0
"public class AlbertBall { public static void main (String[]args) { int lolthisguysucks=99999999999999999; for (int i = 1;i&lt;=lolthisguysucks;i++) { System.out.println(""Albert Ball is a piece of shit""); } }" 0
Trump is against TPP... 0
I've always thought the amount of the sales tax was roughly equivalent to the cost of shipping anyway. 0
ISIS just declared their war on urban planning! 0
Sure... November 2016. 0
I can't find anything online about how the government defines espionage under the law....happen to know? 0
Didn't god use to want her to be pres according to her 0
What has the future ever done for US? 0
We should along with Hillary and Trump. 0
"Didn't I just read that Cohn was ""smoozing"" Trump trying to get a position but not the one that the article is about getting a job?" 0
Your comments about the domain add nothing to the conversation. 0
I enjoy city sushi tbh 0
are you sure this wasn't an AARP meeting? 0
Are you worried Clinton supporters are going to vote for trump in the general? 0
It is getting harder to tell between Faux news and straight up Briebart. 0
All that AND HE STILL GOT A HEARING AND VOTE in the senate.... they (democrats and some republicans) just voted him down. 0
I'll take a reach around. 0
They're Obama's enemy 0
What info do you have that would counter this? 0
I don't think CNN picked an accurate headline... It should read: How the GOP's first female presidential campaign manager ***tries to*** manage~~s~~ Donald Trump 0
We're all racist homophobic bigots sexist misogynist islamophobic fascists anti-semite white nationalists on this blessed day. 0
The last people's president with a true passion and real balls was assassinated. 0
"Depends on what your definition of ""intent"" is." 0
With each passing election the Reagan fan base is 'aging out'. 0
Waterboard warden at GITMO? 0
XD 0
We should petition for a Bernie free week (or even just a day). 0
Thanks. 0
"""What's a Sunni?""" 0
Source? 0
Guess I should up the amount of my annual donation to the NRA. 0
True but odds are much more likely to win the general for easy money. 0
I've never seen a comment after this question has been asked. 0
Fake News Brought to you by Cletus and Co. 0
Name 3 things. 0
Texas has been killin it lately 0
Just read it my gf is trying to sleep so being quiet 0
Honest question: what is there still to be skeptical about at this point? 0
...... Are you delusional? 0
Why doesn't he bring up the emails? 0
Go live there then. 0
Well then she's definitely a go-getter. 0
Is there any republican who has favorability ratings even close to her's? 0
So are we right back to a Cheney-Bush situation 0
"No doubt Romney is a disciple of the ""children should be seen and not heard"" philosophy." 0
I'm only pointing out a large obstacle that needs to be overcome 0
It's reasonable for us to expect them to confiscate our guns. 0
Here's me hoping that you and I are delusional as fuck. 0
It's not up to him to prosecute Clinton. 0
The.Shitshow.S02E01.The.Drumpf.and.Shillary.Personalities.WEB.x264-ROFL.mkv 0
hes publicly said that even with his best data and model he had around a 1/20 or so chance at getting 50/50 and that he just got really lucky 0
Most loopholes are kept open and protected as intended tax credits 0
Why doesn't the toilet have water 0
It's bias to want every vote to carry the same weight? 0
Then you show them evidence and they say that the media is just being biased. 0
Why do leftists have to attribute every rational or principled interest of white people to *vile racial hatred* that will be used against white children on the schoolyard? 0
"Was this deal done quickly just so he could parade it around on his ""victory tour""?" 0
The one that Clinton keeps throwing trash on while blowing the smoke into voters eyes? 0
You must be fun at parties. 0
Never said they did 0
I might be experiencing a little demented optimism. 0
r/nottheonion 0
The yearly 3 billion hasn't seemed to help... 0
Romney and Obama look more and more the same every day. 0
Kaine campaigning out of a pickup in front of 20 people today proves it 0
Could even be the good kind of mold. 0
I still believe this theory. 0
Luckily it's not. 0
Oh well thats ok then. 0
Seeing as she's a pretend one we could call it a test. 0
He said nothing about jews 0
Given their stance to obstruct the nomination of a Supreme Court justice by any Democrat - I'm not so sure they're on the side of Democracy. 0
Thanks Mom. 0
LOL - most would be thrown off the property much less afford the accommodations. 0
surprise: lifelong democrats have long-standing connections to other lifelong democrats 0
Skin color and a different book. 0
I don't see how your comments (albeit correct) prove millenials wouldn't vote in a national voting day off of work. 0
Congress doesn't understand the word 'sustainable' period. 0
I say charge the whole milky way! 0
Jeb is certainly more capable than Trump. 0
Your totally explaining trumps usual mo 0
That's what happens when an organization's leadership demonstrates an unambiguous lack of integrity. 0
Who do you think started the Jeb bush turtle in pocket memes on reddit and 4chan 0
January has been a bad month for Republican governors. 0
Not true on both accounts. 0
Apparently prison is the same thing as torture all of the sudden. 0
When the lube they're fucking us with dries up. 0
I believe this is a victory for John Boehner. 0
I thought MI automatically did a recount if it was less than 0.03%. 0
Next step is eliminate government money (=money stolen from people in the first place) 0
They should do am episode of black mirror with this premise 0
No I am pretty sure hip hop isn't a white supremacist recruiting tool 0
Socialism and communism arent the same thing. 0
It's called the liberatarian party people..... 0
That's practically a fact. 0
Hillary doesn't make me much happier... 0
Doesn't mean that they will be called upon. 0
"""The republicans.""" 0
And make him wear his concrete booties. 0
so are hillary supporters literally stealing trump signs off of people's lawns. 0
Schools should be allowed to teach creationism because it is unconstitutional? 0
You're proving my point. 0
Fuck Michele Bachmann. 0
He signed the bill that kept 911 as a nationwide emergency phone number into law. 0
i like the aquarium and have family down there i don't visit enough =[ 0
I bet Cruz only did it because Priebus threatened to excommunicate anyone in the GOP who didn't support their nominee. 0
No. 0
Don't forget Ima Stalin. 0
Will ensure passage of legislation to secure he earns way more for the rest of his life 0
He also called them super predators and passed legislation that put millions of them in prison for possessing marijuana. 0
He's going to be with his wife. 0
Its a literally sarcastic not sarcastic soft hardening. 0
Source? 0
Did...did you not read my actual comment.... 0
Bye Felecia. 0
I don't think you know what that means. 0
Are they mutually exclusive? 0
That position is called pro-choice... 0
We can't expect turd blossom to actually use facts when he speaks now can we? 0
Both. 0
It shouldn't stop until she is in prison. 0
You go first. 0
No. 0
Not that I know of. 0
That kind of speaks to a poor outreach on the part of the Clinton campaign. 0
He's a self described socialist. 0
Minnesota 0
make bail a graduated percentage of overall wealth 0
TL:dr - Clintons once shared an elevator with a guy 0
not from snowden's point of view 0
...nobody is forcing you to run an oil line through your property. 0
"There's also the whole ""much more popular when running for reelection than for a promotion"" thing with Clinton." 0
Give what up? 0
The fact that you think the silenced voice of much of the country isn't important is why this type of thing will continue to be upvoted 0
I wonder if this will cause republicans to be less interested in voting for him now. 0
The winds shifted. 0
Benghazi 0
No its not representative of many demographics but it is representative of some which would suggest that it has damaged her reputation with at least the demographics and considering wider data isn't yet available it is reasonable to hypothesize that the damage is wider spread than the demographics reddit serves. 0
Maybe it's time to own up that the FBI and Russia had a significant influence in the outcome of the election. 0
"""Bill O'Reilly Is Just So Mad"" *FTFY*" 0
You mean a *beautiful* thought. 0
As long as you take me with you... 0
Were the people talking jn the video lying? 0
What's strange are the people who claim it can't be done while doing it themselves. 0
The flaw in this reasoning is that there's no possible way a _reasonable_ Trump could ever have expected this crazy campaign to work... 0
It can....if given the proper funding and resources 0
Civil War 2.0 *loading...* 0
Technically Reagan did when the signed the law mandating the hospitals treat patients regardless of their ability to pay. 0
Teachers are the enemy of someone that failed college as many times as her. 0
Prop 8 much? 0
Those don't disarm them. 0
They do though. 0
No one shits on the troops more than Donald. 0
so whats your point who is talking about Sanders? 0
If gutting education projects in Namibia won't bring those uppity Palestinians in line then I don't know what will! 0
Nope and I didn't even say if I agreed with the comic. 0
It isn't a treaty. 0
You got this Florida Man! 0
they just make fun of whoever has the most to make fun of 0
The majority of Americans. 0
Wealthy parents with the right connections to keep their little con artist out of jail. 0
Make America Taco Again 0
It's not his fault that mic was so hot 0
The only thing less likely than the American people voting for an old white guy is them voting for a black guy with a muslim name. 0
"In other words.... be ""The Talking Heads""... but not the band." 0
*toe* the line. 0
How's that now? 0
He's not even in charge yet either. 0
No they don't get any clearance but it's extremely hard to believe they don't talk to each other about these things they are married. 0
Everybody else is against him because his crass ignorance and narcissism is truly scary. 0
Woohoo! 0
I'm sort of surprised that we aren't. 0
Me as well! 0
Snooze 0
4 days after the California primary? 0
Bern or Burn 2016 0
It is a common misconception. 0
I'm pretty sure the Constitution says that only white Republicans are allowed to own guns. 0
because we don't like seeing children starve 0
How do you figure that? 0
It actually offers a good opportunity to strike the fear of God into future presidents about limiting access. 0
So the acceptability of the death penalty for you is predicated on the existence of a near-omniscient state? 0
No it can't. 0
I'd take a lot of weekends off of the campaign trail too if my opponent and/or his surrogates have been losing every news-cycle to me for the past four weeks by just saying stupid shit every day. 0
Just stop. 0
Not to mention her shady $ 150+ Billion dollar weapons sales to countries that donated to the Clinton Foundation. 0
If she can't learn how to use an email by now i doubt she can be taught how to act human. 0
i do wonder what would have happened had this incident not received a lot of public attention.. 0
I'm ready for Fallout 5. 0
We have History books for a reason... 0
I wonder what would happen if he did this in Texas. 0
Do you have an example of a modification that was made? 0
Isn't he polling at his worst yet? 0
Tfw you hate America and can't wait to start fucking it up 0
The criminal military is part of the government. 0
and that's when you should take it as a sign that this is 100% bullshit. 0
"I brought this up in another thread but could it be possible that the Clintons both pushed the meeting and then pushed the story without ""fingerprints""?" 0
Our vets have gone through enough. 0
A trait he shares with Hillary unfortunately. 0
This is how agribusiness treats its workers. 0
Trump already took our mind off the hacked emails by picking a fight with the Khans - great job Trump! 0
Nicely done. 0
That's a clever redefinition of trumpian bullshit. 0
Show us this magic fuel source. 0
How about if we try getting the punches down to zero and have our government work for us instead? 0
Because she's a petty person who can't believe her life's ambition was snatched from her yet again. 0
the pie is not fixed 0
So I guess this shuts up the counter argument that was going around yesterday that Trump only had an EP name because of previous contractual arrangements. 0
Let's not pretend that national policy has no effect on state policy. 0
98.2% of Brits DON'T. 0
Only if you hate net neutrality. 0
Bingo 0
Could you also agree that increased demand would also spur you to hire someone if they made you more money than they cost you? 0
She publicly undercuts him more than any campaign manager I've ever seen. 0
Can't beat Hillary without the FBI. 0
People are capable of being concerned about more than one issue. 0
I believe there is a bipartisan agreement that there are never ethics violations in the House. 0
So... You're saying that we need to pay our military to protect us? 0
The problem with supply side economics is that it has actually been implemented and fails in practice. 0
Why does he think Obama wasn't born in Hawaii? 0
There's actually been studies done and they concluded that trump supporters are less educated and informed. 0
Edgy. 0
Cats and buildings kill far more birds than windmills. 0
Twilight Sparkle close behind! 0
Even the partridges are establishment! 0
Why doesn't this argument work with guns? 0
love how she was just waiting for him to deny something so she could whip out that binder and just destroy him. 0
Besides being old and feeble he is too wackadoo and completely lacks charisma. 0
I never forget war crimes. 0
These guys are the real heroes 0
I voted! 0
"TIL that only Clinton and Nixon are allowed to use the ""I don't recall"" strategy and that everyone else is too unprivileged to use it." 0
Never said I like those either ... but you can at least evaluate them more readily than Trump's high-velocity word salad. 0
Chirp.. chirp.. 0
A Master Debater. 0
I think that's a natural defensiveness after 30 years of right-wing conspiracy theories and lies trying to smear her since she was first lady. 0
Sad news. 0
And shes not good off prompter either. 0
Yay for inane atheist karmawhoring! 0
pointing out another candidate's idiocy and childlike temperament is fair game. 0
What state do you live in? 0
Lunar 0
And yet he opposed gay marriage rights in 2006. 0
Finally some common sense compromise! 0
These are great people and they're the best 0
Jerry Brown of California would be my answer. 0
Isn't it also a form of cognitive dissonance to say one doesn't approve of a practice even as their life's work either substantiates the practice or promotes it. 0
He is using it sarcastically 0
It's like they're trying to lose the presidency and Congress seats. 0
He also promised to pay legal fees and then didn't 0
Por que no los dos? 0
This needs to happen! 0
aka: Tim Ossmann :0) 0
I think of them as being our largest organized crime outfit. 0
"How is allowing large numbers of voters easy access to centralized polling stations ""a wrong"" in your mind?" 0
Glad to see you played attention to the most important part of the video. 0
"""We're not Detroit!""" 0
I want to make certain this does not include Social Security and Medicare tax (deductions from our paychecks and what our employer also pays) 0
The official news source of Baghdad Bob! 0
Each day he sounds more like a dictator. 0
"Opposite party in control of congress #doesn't = Hostile And Gingrich's legacy is how well he got the GOP to work with Clinton you alluded to this in your first post citing his ""success.""" 0
Because they could run that headline. 0
It's almost like everyone on the internet is selectively exposing themselves to people who agree with them... If only there were some theory that could prove this. 0
"Fox News: ""REPUBLICAN (D) POLL NUMBERS SINK""" 0
I didn't say anywhere in my post that I agreed with that theory. 0
You don't know that they've held back 2000+ emails because they're considered classified? 0
not giving your 5 year old child a knife = boring life? 0
Of course they can. 0
I think the top 1 percent of karma earners should have to redistribute karma to the 99 percent. 0
You just described every state in the US. 0
Low energy 0
Was sure this was The Onion. 0
And more cowbell! 0
As Bart Scott said: Can't wait 0
And yet it doesnt make it untrue 0
Regression can only help society advance 0
Can't do that.... 0
In what freedom chamber does someone live where they would make it illegal for labor to organize? 0
That's racist. 0
If the climate fascists were capitalists they would not need to hit us up for cash. 0
No he was just the president and the person republicans put in office. 0
What? 0
I take it you've never donated to a political campaign that didn't win? 0
in debt... 0
But you can't fire them is my point. 0
Honor and pride aren't for everyone. 0
What exactly has Hillary sacrificed? 0
Citation needed 0
Where he's basically tied with Hillary? 0
This is so effortless that I can't understand why anyone bothers leaving paywalls up. 0
Let me know when a comedy central roast is something a Presidential candidate needs on their CV. 0
Fully agree. 0
If our junk makes them money should we get kickbacks for showing up? 0
If they had a remote controlled paintball sniper rifle you could log into and control I'd spend way too much of my precious free time defending the heck out of our borders. 0
93% 0
It seems that around here most breathalyzer results are confirmed by drawing a true BAC level once the breath test fails. 0
Like the edge of the earth? 0
And bigger dick. 0
Dogecoins for this mutt. 0
Lapping? 0
"""Tolerance""" 0
for one thing it was a two term CHENEY administration. 0
Oh right and getting jobs back don't know how but Trump is going to bring so many jobs back that you are going to be sick of all the jobs Trump have created. 0
So you are saying this video was edited and those words did not come out of his mouth? 0
"If you call her a ""bitch""... I guess the poster didn't have the balls to say ""cunt""." 0
He was appointed by a Republican. 0
I guess we can lower a legal age of adult hood to 17 years and 3 months. 0
Fundamentalism? 0
That's why the GOP is trying to keep a growing number of voters from voting. 0
Reagan would be branded as a Liberal nowadays. 0
Except the majority of the working class voted for Hillary 0
Trump is also in the news more because he's winning. 0
gold 0
Rolling Stone hosted the boston bomber? 0
Thx 0
Yeah sure. 0
Except when they hit random people in the crowd like in new york. 0
Why would people lie to an anonymous poll? 0
He's a muslin and a terrier. 0
Not much of a musician but I'll be your Planned Parenthood ~~terrorist~~ groupie 0
who needs approval ratings when you can just suppress the vote? 0
But we were talking about men that were sexist against females. 0
Anyone who cares about the commie attack line wasn't voting democrat anyways 0
Kasich just defunded planned parenthood in ohio 0
One of those he killed was an expectant father. 0
He better have something good to say for me to regain any respect for him. 0
Sort of like how Apple said it was courageous for them to remove the headphone jack on the iphone 7. 0
Clinton/Warren 2016 0
Why do you hate libertarians? 0
It's true. 0
Almost? 0
"We need to be more worried about the ""fake news"" and sensationalized news in the mainstream media." 0
Aint that Murica 0
My up votes mean something! 0
Like how Ron Paul ran under the republican ticket for decades but was actually a Maverick outsider! 0
Would liberals prefer a Santorum GOP or a Ron Paul GOP? 0
"Outside the reddit echo chamber no one actually says ""cuck"" and people generally have favorable views on Bill's presidency." 0
The house republicans are too busy standing on each others dicks and then screaming that the president is standing on their dicks. 0
Or a super PAC charged presidential campaign. 0
Of course... because that is much easier than laying blame where it really deserves... at her own feet. 0
Because *FreedomTM* 0
Why don't this motherfucker die already 0
Aaaaaaaaaannyyyyyyyyy minute now... *checks watch and shuffles feet* 0
No that would have been sad little man with sad little hands 0
Well it's not like Congress is sending him any legislation to sign or acting on the Supreme Court nominee he named nearly a year ago. 0
He gave her enough rope to hang herself 0
That article is so simplistic and biased it makes my head hurt. 0
this sound really bad - you're just fueling the fire for republics who could give a shit about poor college kids. 0
Matt? 0
I think you mean they identify as a Gender Fluid Transmasculine Amphibisexual Fray. 0
for the last 8 years it has been. 0
Neither does murder or rape. 0
"When you call anyone disagreeing with Hillary a ""Bernie Bro"" it kinda is..." 0
The vast majority of people smoke it. 0
Do you pass up any of the deductions you qualify for? 0
and the random Trump +1 from LA Times 0
Didn't realize being polite was also being cowardly. 0
This is ridiculous! 0
Russia. 0
There go her chances to run for US Senate then. 0
But you'd be the only one drinking. 0
Rasmusen is a fake polling company that is paid to produce results favorable to Republicans. 0
Relevant username 0
I am amused that Republicans keep trying to pretend that it isn't their own front runner pushing this noise. 0
It's as good-spirited and uniting as Trump's campaign was. 0
So hard to like and yet has 2 million more votes than sanders......K 0
How about some points on why you feel these people are what you say they are instead of a bunch of baseless mud slinging. 0
lol wot? 0
I'm going to take a stab in the dark and say you didn't even read the full quote. 0
What fucked us up is bushes tax cuts and spend more to starve the beast which got fucked up because of the warmongering DEMS and REPUBS 0
Clintons pretty much crashed the economy already by deregulating the banks. 0
"""But how is that racist?""" 0
Welcome to yesterday. 0
\#TooBigToJail 0
source? 0
Imagine using it to launch fecal matter. 0
I feel like if I want to listen to a robot i'd speak with Siri. 0
She's a professor of Honduran history. 0
find me one quote where sanders has called himself a social democrat. 0
I think we just found our next head of Homeland Security. 0
You need new friends! 0
We do set an extraordinarily high bar when it comes to fucking things up. 0
Thank you for replying sanely to this... 0
A profit for our times. 0
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh SHIT the house of cards comin DOWN 0
With his cabinet picks he's actually giving further reasons to *dislike* him. 0
Are... Are you some sort of wizard? 0
I'd say that was more lampoon than tabloid. 0
Winning and sucking are not mutually exclusive. 0
Who was talking about CTR in February? 0
Part of the definition of a police state is you can't criticize the police while they are being complete dicks. 0
*Savage* 0
Link? 0
Europeans don't work for Southeast Asia wages 0
Remember when Trump tweeted that Clinton had paid Donald Duck to follow him around? 0
Except the Tea Party proves it every day by opening their mouths. 0
What did Barron do to Newt? 0
He can't help himself. 0
Hey; didn't HE mention Russia duging his campaign? 0
He shouldn't have lied 0
Just another example of the groper-in-chief thinking he can just take what he wants. 0
CNN telling people it was illegal to go on wikileaks to read the leaked emails was the highlight of my week. 0
Hillary 0
That's a pretty disgusting world view. 0
But can that type of camera not be mounted on a helo? 0
Why you do dis? 0
Except I still must pay for it. 0
feelsbadman.jpg 0
I think my brain auto filled 17 year democrat to 17 year old democrat 0
How's that big tent doing Republicans? 0
Shamus ... we will never forget ya boy! 0
I got banned for a Eugene V. Debs quote that got 45 upvotes. 0
I know...look at Bernie 0
~~Boehner~~ Cantor... ~~criminal~~ treasonous Boehner's been repeatedly shafted by Cantor and extremist followers. 0
Fake news joke 0
Some people seem intent on continuing the erosion of the middle class. 0
ITT a bunch of 18 years olds who have no idea the context in which the crime bill was passed. 0
Left Shark dancing for 3 days straight with no one saying a word would have helped her more 0
Lol no. 0
You know something is wrong when both Democrats and Republicans are excited to pass a bill especially giving fast track to it. 0
And so this entire sub continues on its anti-intellectual circlejerk of partisan sources without ever having opened a political sciencebook to understand the difference between democratic socialism and a free market consultation economy. 0
Good point 0
"this article should be called ""why the white working class will never vote for a party who belittles them and tries to tell them how they think""" 0
What's that based on? 0
Needs more Michele Bachmann. 0
Ben Carson was never in a serious position to win the primary. 0
I'm sure there was a lot of butthurt after Loving v Virginia as well. 0
But Hillary. 0
Whats preventing someone who needs expensive long term care from moving to any of the other 60 countries on earth with universal healthcare? 0
Debt to GDP ratio is worse now than before... 0
"You can't just dismiss everything good about him as ""it was convenient at the time""." 0
What was this originally from? 0
We need a medical tricorder! 0
You shocked this is from Heritage? 0
Nice golden trickle down 0
"You *also* forgot Jim ""I killed a man"" Webb and Lincoln ""my dad just died"" Chafee" 0
Isn't it eight years too late? 0
Must be a like sadistic to be with a New Jersian. 0
But what about Russia or misogyny or any of the other excuses. 0
Yes 0
What a fucking pussy. 0
The difference is that he's providing facts and you're providing feelings. 0
Who cares there are plenty of Americans that would like those jobs. 0
Given that they're earning around $100 million per day in profit - it's not much. 0
You're probably one of those people that think democracy is based on voting every four years :) 0
I wonder which one of his wives he was married to when this happened? 0
What could he have done with 43 guns that he couldn't have done with a handful? 0
Something tells me that wouldn't be too long if he was sent to the general population there. 0
The TPP is so conservative the Obama loathing Republican Congress gave him Fast Track Authority to sign it when the time comes. 0
Hillary is a conservative except for SCOTUS. 0
But the will care about Galveston. 0
Time and crazy questions. 0
*won I'm sorry 0
From the party and state that thinks they own women's uteruses. 0
Same 0
Does OP think we are too stupid to understand this on our own? 0
A settlement which conveniently happens to come to less than 10% of the additional profits that were earned as a result of ignoring regulations. 0
This statement is actually what they would say. 0
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA (dying of laughter) -- Jimmy Fallon 0
even less would get done then than it does now 0
Had to upboat you even though I respectfully disagree. 0
One to the noggin. 0
It's on right now. 0
There is nothing in Christianity to prevent you from watching a video you disagree with. 0
I just thought that causes hurricanes. 0
That's EXACTLY how media works 0
But...who asked you? 0
Even accepting that to be true: so what? 0
I hope some 2nd amendment guys take care of him 0
He'll make the trains run on time. 0
"The real question then becomes: Are the SCOTUS complainers any better than this ""lawyer""." 0
I agree. 0
Actually the difference is that Elizabeth Warren actually has the heritage she claimed (Native American). 0
Tom Clancy novels? 0
I'm not sure what the problem here is 0
Is it the same as being morally opposed to stupid old Italians? 0
No wonder he loves Trump and hates Obama. 0
Good luck getting that passed----eliminate loop holes for the rich--that's a real knee slapper. 0
His VP pick is a real eye opener. 0
Welcome to the new world of temp employees where no one has responsibility for *anything*! 0
That's an exception most public pensions are modest. 0
ELI5? 0
I mean he always looks pretty ghoulish so it's hard for me to tell the difference. 0
Which people are you referring to? 0
That's so blatantly wrong I feel sorry for you. 0
"Are Clinton supporters going to start chanting ""forget about the damn emails"" now?" 0
Getting paid 275K for a verbal hand job for the bankers is pretty fucking corrupt. 0
No Coloreds Allowed 0
Huh? 0
EXTERMINATE! 0
Because we don't just slaughter civilians wholesale anymore. 0
Maybe he did a vote swap with one of the Bushes. 0
My county has plastic holders you put your ballot in on your way from the booth to the box. 0
She lost in a landslide in the only metric that counts. 0
When you consistently lie about who you are and who you're running against you can expect a few pissed off people. 0
A toddler's. 0
Yeah keep saying that while you have children diddling with your junk 0
Sniffle. 0
Just wait til those same people try to demand respect for Melania and can't get it 0
I found the links towards the bottom most informative 0
big freaking suprise. 0
I deal with daily negative effects due to the color of my (white) skin. 0
Tell that to our congressmen 0
Won't know until we get rid of the scam artists known as Insurance. 0
No response that Bernie supports Hillary. 0
"TIL: The opposite of ""jerks and bullies"" is (apparently) ""incompetent liars.""" 0
No 0
It's more like Democrats are successfully buying people's votes with more handouts. 0
I don't even like audiobooks and I would by this and play it on constant rotation. 0
Glad to see your question answered so thoroughly. 0
"Good on Obama for ""refusing to negotiate"" with those terrorists." 0
This is the best comment. 0
Someone who enjoys sluts? 0
If Bachman went to crazy camp for a year she still couldn't outcrazy Louis. 0
... Unless the change you want is to get corruption out of politics. 0
They have about a billion dollars worth of free speech more than you do. 0
That's okay his kids are going to save 100 of millions of dollars when he does away with the estate tax 0
Would you consider the implication that one deserves rape because they are weak insulting? 0
Source 0
Deflection attempt noted. 0
Being in the war business ain't cheap. 0
Between two Berns. 0
Where did Illinois get that money? 0
Why can they make a list of tax-exempt religious groups but not a list of hate groups? 0
it would seem that the hive does not agree 0
Still better than the alternative! 0
then why did they incorporate nearly everything he wanted into their 2016 platform? 0
What else do you call a willful misread of legislation geared only towards smearing one's political opposition? 0
Therefore... 0
Hooray for mindless team politics! 0
Does that comment make sense? 0
"Shouldn't *you* know that before declaring he has ""zero qualifications""?" 0
Maybe one more and then the Republican convention will have a rule change. 0
Even *I* want revenge for Merrick Garland. 0
Beta. 0
Exactly what do you have a hard time understanding then? 0
I like it! 0
Myself included. 0
Now this margin is a landslide! 0
Why do you need more than one account? 0
'member when South Park was super popular? 0
Once you get married you'll realize that it doesn't matter how much you make because the wife's going to spend it all anyway. 0
With Trump we'd see a collapse. 0
Daily Kos isn't much better. 0
Very good article summarizing the events so far. 0
Did he blame Hillary for her father's death? 0
You have no place with any of the elected. 0
I just tagged him/her as well. 0
So you'd rather wait until a news article with a possibly slanted description of the ad? 0
That's like saying why didn't everyone pull out of real estate in 2006. 0
The only reason it will have trouble is bc the insurance companies have paid for everyone in Congress... Except bernie 0
This is the essence of politics: linking a public sentiment to your own pocketbook or that of your paymasters. 0
Yeah boy they sure got a great track record huh? 0
Ok whatever Madea 0
Paying people to go to Trump rallies to physically intimidate political opponents with violence is not something to be dismissed. 0
Agreed 0
Hell no! 0
So.... Wallace was in cahoots with the Clinton campaign? 0
Hows the weather in Moscow? 0
It would also piss each other off seeing as how they have nearly opposite views on most issues. 0
I bet it's probably more like 400%. 0
As a libertarian... I am not proud. 0
So... What you are saying is Rand Paul should have been nominated. 0
Considering that Clinton is effectively the Republican pick then what does it matter in practice? 0
You can already demand this with a cellphone photo of your ballot or some such thing. 0
That comparison is simply fantastic. 0
it starts tomorrow :-) 0
Brightshart. 0
I'm not going to discuss domestic policies with a foreigner you have zero say in how the US is run 0
for a cadaver? 0
Something something reap what you sew something something 0
Isn't this just the same crap they have been trying to scare us with since 1990? 0
Even the Breitbart poll has 25% saying Hillary won. 0
Zzzzzzzz 0
You're blaming the donald brigade when you've got BLM terrorist supporters cheering that cops have been shot...twisted worldview you've got there 0
Unfortunately common sense is not very common. 0
call hilldawg to the stand! 0
You tried. 0
What does that make Clinton? 0
\#IguessI'mOkayWithHillary 0
Indiana? 0
Because these reports are credible. 0
This has nothing to do with philosophical nonsense it's a law that has unintended consequences and should be revised it's not some ridiculous claim for segregation like you're pretending. 0
Cool story brah 0
Suds to prison pipeline. 0
Well Mark Cuban is going to be on the list for sure. 0
It's natural and expected for presidential candidates to give press conferences 0
Do you know what a discussion is? 0
Persecuted. 0
I wonder how many Republican heads are exploding. 0
that's one less than we've had in the last ten days 0
I really hope they do. 0
Jewelers 0
ill miss his shenanigans 0
"""Out from under the white sheet"" doesn't have the same ring as ""out of the closet.""" 0
Everyone: YES 0
Putin's plans for the west should worry you no matter what your ethnicity and current job status looks like. 0
Im sure you have none trump supporter ;) 0
Ignorance would be a close second. 0
Alternatively: basing your campaign off of the least reliable voting block is fundamentally idiotic. 0
What a shame 0
Laura Bush killed a guy. 0
Can't believe you'd support a felon smh 0
I remember how the GOP and the Weakly Standard were all over president Cheney about this very thing. 0
One deplorable apple turns the whole basket deplorable. 0
If only these usions had a way to gain bargaining power by bringing people together! 0
Refer? 0
Former stooge backs up current stooge. 0
Yes I hear that popular vote is really valuable 0
Can't tell if your comment is deliberately trying to sound like a statement Trump would make 0
Answer my fucking question. 0
Well he's actually proposing to increase it. 0
Marta 0
Source? 0
Yes? 0
He was later seen standing nervously behind Donald Trump. 0
Rather unfortunate really. 0
It's called sarcasm. 0
THANK the lord 0
Hannity is already being pissy at Jay-Z it's only a matter of time. 0
More like because Trump is the most unqualified person to ever run for president in the history of the United States while Hillary has a good grasp on politics in spite of her flaws and past mistakes. 0
HAHA That cop was just like *dont ask me* 0
So could you explain how Michelle is not what a First Lady should look like? 0
Holy fuck I'm dying. 0
I knew I heard a massive thud followed by jello jiggles! 0
Almost four hours go by before anyone finally points that out... 0
As if they don't it already under Obama lmao 0
Discredited how and by whom? 0
Or helping her father get from his wheelchair to his desk. 0
Craft services alone can run five figures. 0
That literacy issue common to conservatives. 0
he should use that to prove that he has made at least one good decision in his life. 0
I'll buy a signed version of his book on eBay. 0
Trump doesn't like marijuana personally but he wants to decriminalize it on a federal level and leave it up to the states. 0
Then it gets destroyed. 0
It starts out ok but then descends to libertarian gibberish to hide the preference for no regulation at all. 0
It's equally laughable that trans advocates and their allies are threatened by having to use the same bathroom that everyone else of their sex does. 0
Triple upvote for tribble reference. 0
Shhhhh you can't say things like that here. 0
Ya but the Internet is a right wing conspiracy. 0
And failing. 0
And you know what makes it hurt Hillary even more... it's true. 0
All anyone needs to know about ISIS: War and fear mongering bs. 0
She should donate the 350k Alice Walton gave her to Walmart employees who get paid shit. 0
I'm not a supporter but those who are asking for photo ID for voters are enabling the mandatory national ID crowd. 0
The dude doesn't have a pleasant expression 0
Y'all Qaeda 0
I understand what you meant 0
doesnt that have that lasting appeal. 0
Then what the hell is he hiding? 0
It's a lot easier to convince the masses that someone is bad with technology when that person happens to have a vagina. 0
it's hard for me to reconcile how a guy can so egregiously and blissfully sabotage his professional and personal life with this kind of crap i mean just setting aside the lack of ethics.... some fucking discretion would seem to be in order 0
So one man was an asshole and this translates to a clickbate headline. 0
They're so out of touch with most Americans that they think no one works between Christmas and January 4. 0
Well duh but each mean internal email that no one ever saw during the primary is worth at least 2 million votes each. 0
Actually... 0
That's dumb 0
Because a debate cannot change xenophobes and racists into normal people. 0
She obviously hasn't been given permission (as a good Mormon wife slave) to do so yet. 0
Illness and medical bills are the reason a majority of people declare bankruptcy. 0
It's time for us to vote with our wallets and boycott any movie that she is involved with 0
It was sanctioned by the Taliban government. 0
TIL snarky comments lead to dead children. 0
Could Hillary still step down after she accepts the nomination? 0
and a public school teacher! 0
"Hillary: ""I'm going to put Bill in charge of the economy""" 0
Maybe people have unrealistic expectations about politics? 0
We gotta be focused on the culprits that are doing it openly and have a much more huge affect on voter's minds. 0
We can only hope. 0
You have a point.... just change Biden to Mike Tyson. 0
Birth control is $10-30 a month. 0
Third place is clearly the second loser 0
Don't be dense. 0
No one cares who you're voting for. 0
I am chastened and ashamed. 0
$38B 0
Cool then I'm voting for Kaine over trump and pence since I wouldn't even trust trump/pence to govern an Arbys let alone a whole nation 0
Seconded. 0
Are you going to stop paying your mandatory car insurance too? 0
"My fear in the impeachment scenario is Trump sees it coming and says something to the effect of ""IF I CAN'T HAVE IT NO ONE WILL"" and starts hitting nuclear codes in." 0
Probably privately condemning the bombers for not succeeding in their attempt. 0
Trump is a role model for children in the sense that a stereotypical young child is a lot like Trump. 0
"You obviously don't work in our legal system if you haven't heard the term ""new Jim Crow.""" 0
I see you prefer blindness to vision. 0
hyperbole much? 0
Upvote for you my friend. 0
Because they happen to have bought into the Buy Gold shit peddled by Rush and Hannity. 0
Well a vote for Hillary is the easiest way to ensure the Republican president according to the polls. 0
Tim Canova giving him a purity test on twitter smh 0
Aw geez. 0
thatssthepoint.jpg 0
Besides totally destroying what minute chance you ever had of doing anything meaningful then yeah it won't effect your campaign 0
it's okay for them because it's liberal new yorkers that will have to foot the bill 0
And why did Reid implement this? 0
What is it with you Germans and camps? 0
A: When Roger Ailles decided it should be so. 0
Was the intent to have gun shows or to let private citizens sell 1 on 1? 0
It also will start a civil war and complete distrust in our democracy. 0
50/50 ---got to admit donnie's daddy was uhhh a special kind of scumbag; 0
Another more likely explanation is that you have a comprehension deficit. 0
Choosing to deal with facts pushes him out of the GOP camp. 0
this kind of tax will tax much more than just the rich 0
You don't want the lawyer unemployment can pay for.... 0
Trumpicane? 0
So could you say this article is attempting to... Correct the Record? 0
I think even just automatic registration would do a lot of good but the Republicans for some reason don't like it when more people vote. 0
Well it's not exactly his fault hes had a congress that refuses to work with him for 6 years. 0
Voter suppression is Bernie best shot 0
You mean trump had supernatural powers? 0
Bad judgement 0
remind me when this goes down lol 0
Mike Huckabee comes from a time when kids thought marijuana was dangerous so they huffed glue instead. 0
Hillary says a lot of things 0
"faces a maximum sentence of life in prison without parole says the post.... article reads ""He was sentenced to life in prison but could be eligible for parole in less than 10 years.""" 0
This is myrrhica after all. 0
NO PROBLEMO. 0
Its fucking amazing 0
Tell that to Wall Street in 2003-2007. 0
Or much of anything. 0
Hilary is an open vessel for whatever corporate/financial/military institution is paying her the most. 0
Further validation that the Dunning-Kruger hypothesis is correct. 0
A yuge wall 0
He endorsed Hillary. 0
Two wrongs don't make a right. 0
and this reddit is the idiotic species named 'single issue voter' 0
I thought bloggy things were banned here? 0
Don't forget the NRA war chest they sink local elections against gun control candidates 0
I don't know but reducing WIC yesterday or the day before goes along those lines... 0
Is frothy Santorum still on board the Trump train? 0
I didn't know she was packing something else besides hot sauce in her purse. 0
I'll take things that never happened for 1000 Alex. 0
What you smell is the scent of desperation on the part of Sanders supporters. 0
I'm going to guess the major story will be that Baron is not nearly as good at the cyber as Trump claims. 0
Or as Trump's running mate when both get shafted 0
This in its own right is top news but why not la raza? 0
Yeah that is a nonsense assertion. 0
Florida's tradition of shame continues. 0
But that doesn't count as indoctrination because it keeps women in their place 0
Bush was a Who fan. 0
Their should seriously be a neither option on the ballot and if that option wins no one gets the electoral college votes. 0
Let's see those heel Spurs... 0
War crimes. 0
It's more like his tenth or something isn't it? 0
Which is funny because every sports fan I know fucking hates fans like this. 0
If you have nothing to hide then why the fuck are you hiding it? 0
Those two things aren't mutually exclusive. 0
We can barely police American police. 0
Seems like they're endangering the outcome of their lawsuit by taking vigilante action before the judgement is made. 0
Calling people bigots usually doesnt bring people to your side. 0
NAFTA was actually a good thing. 0
The lulz. 0
Maybe we should throw in some cash to sweeten the deal! 0
Dictators that like to release decrees on where children can or cannot use the bathroom across the entire nation? 0
If he had actually done that and Bernie consented to it it would have been amazing. 0
And because Hillary's ~~victims~~ supporters believed her email lies during the primary. 0
And a three letter word problem: Jeb. 0
So you're going to pick the fucking lettuce ? 0
its the #1 thing libertarians want us to know 0
People are idiots.. I cant be a big surprise to any one 0
Are the democratic and republican establishments just one single establishment? 0
If you clicked it you would know it wasn't Twitter but live tv 0
been hearing about it a lot on reddit lately 0
You speak like someone who has not actually worked in the tech industry or higher academia. 0
She can't be his VP choice when he isn't even going to win the nomination. 0
Maybe even a progressive tax like we have for income where the bigger the profits the more the tax (but only on the bracket above the previous). 0
"""I can confirm that Donald Trump has the cleanest linens of any person who has ever run for the presidency of the united states!""" 0
Fuck the parties. 0
One of the reasons china is growing so fast is because we have let them eat our lunch for the past 16 years. 0
Lol 0
If she is not a liability I don't know what is. 0
Well in this case it matters cause the darker skin somehow always seems to be the one that's automatically guilty when it appears that the lighter skin is the one that's most likely guilty soooo... 0
So Speaketh the Americun Stinker. 0
It already has in Maine...? 0
They were worth billions to the military-industrial complex. 0
It only seems like that because there's a lot of contrast between doing a little something and doing absolutely nothing. 0
He hasn't mentioned his plan; ho do you know it's unconstitutional? 0
Could this be a foot-in-the-door strategy to dismantle gun free zones? 0
Everyone dies near the beginning? 0
I'm seeing poopy Hill 0
So he's not white then? 0
Show me where he said that 0
Hillary Clinton now still the loser of 2016 election. 0
Trump's official position on Putin: reverse cowgirl 0
Two words: Economic sanctions. 0
That you can buy more shit if you are not paying off medical or student loans. 0
hahahahahaha Rasmussen? 0
"How about ""not subject to any foreign power""?" 0
I wonder how this would be taken by the village idiots currently circulating the Facebook meme equating Obama to Hitler for having children present during a push for policy reform. 0
Very little middle ground because the left won't yield compromise. 0
because people will definatly want to invade their homes 0
Or maybe they just don't trust her cuz they think she lied and cheated her way throughout the entire primary and maybe people hold a grudge for things like that... 0
"I'm drinkin an entire fifth everytime he says ""Snowden""" 0
probably a painful category to get into... 0
nasa climate change data ... not your stupid tv. 0
Every time someone mentions this I think of all the future uncollected pension payments that are not counted against this liability and sigh at how people don't understand pension funding. 0
They're holding back because they dont want to be embroiled in Trump's NAMBLA fiasco. 0
well said. 0
I'm up 11! 0
Did you even read the article or watch the video its talking about? 0
By pissed off you mean racist who are mad that minorities are being treated more fairly 0
actually that shit happened under bush in New Orleans after Katrina 0
lol No. 0
You really can't argue that Trump is part of the establishment when he acts against it and it acts against him. 0
Anyone remember Palin? 0
They need to have these flawed polls in order to back up their conspiracy theories 0
I think Trump is just terribly and utterly misinformed. 0
i mean we have about 15 different terrorist forces threatening to come into the US and blow things up (which we learned theyre kinda good at) so its not like we have nothing to defend against 0
coward 0
His dad was a wartime president who lost an incumbent re-election. 0
I criticized Romney for conceding late and feel the same way about Clinton. 0
Insurmountable lead... Hyperbolic lede 0
So you agree that Benghazi is a scandal? 0
Neither is this sub 0
Communist? 0
Is that a threat against a president? 0
Like nu male liberals can do anything besides pout. 0
I love it how the r/the_donald users come here and put their ignorance upon public display. 0
Or maybe sports utility vehicle? 0
ok give me a hypothetical misled context where the stuff they said isn't criminal 0
Even slightly original dehumanization jokes are preferable to stale and predictable dehumanization jokes. 0
Except inflation drags you into one as well. 0
I would watch Donald trumps shark tank 0
Were you surprised by this? 0
This link does not work. 0
You guys are hilarious. 0
Too late...the pussy was already grabbed. 0
If Republicans truly loved this country they would not even run a candidate --- they would just agree to accept another Democratic President rather than take a chance on a buffoon like Trump becoming President due to the hatred and anger of so many people against the establishment. 0
That and a bunch of top tier security firms being the ones to point the finger at Russia. 0
You mean back in the basket? 0
the__donald cult is already planing to take overthis sub after his stunning defeat in Nov 0
Where has he explicitly said that? 0
The only thing demolished is my patience and your credibility. 0
I'm sorry my armchair politican aren't up to your standards. 0
Yeah but that one's okay for some reason. 0
Due to the ridiculous students e-book prices thats exactly one e-book. 0
The cities vs everywhere else. 0
Nobody cares except the deplorables. 0
So are we just going to go ahead and conflate US foreign policy which Clinton was obliged to carry out while SoS with actions of her husbands charity? 0
But you'll be responsible for the horrible things that three new conservative Supreme Court justices rule on for the next 20-30 years? 0
And she was a dino - more republican than most actual republicans. 0
90% of Americans my ass! 0
One... 0
It's all over the place. 0
Kasich hands down. 0
Bill went to the debate site and gave a speech when GHWB wimped out of their first debate in 92. 0
But it's Minnesota school teachers who are bankrupting the country! 0
"So the only ""informed"" people are the ones that happen to share your views?" 0
For many people taking a job lowers your chance of getting a career. 0
Why not just shoot them in the face? 0
He was being sarcastic. 0
From the man that brought you Palin... 0
If you imagine that corporations are anything other than tax collectors providing another income stream to the government from individuals you are delusional. 0
At least you have an open mind. 0
Why would anyone read an article with a title stating so clearly it is not an honest effort. 0
Isn't it? 0
I think he knew all along she would self-destruct. 0
something something have nuclear codes 0
Doesn't seem to be working out when it comes to education. 0
Boycott the the NYT out of business. 0
Didn't she say the same thing about herself when she ran? 0
Facts: Comparing 2014's murder rate to 2016 incomplete data set and completely ignoring 2015. 0
Hillary 2016. 0
The problem with quoting Jeb Bush is he is a pathological liar. 0
Because he's one of the most influential public figures in America. 0
As a Canadian I shake my head and sigh every time I hear Americans get scared by the idea of socialism. 0
Well if we've got trump as a candidate that should have been the first warning sign that modern politics are a joke.l 0
TIL all women support abortion 0
Thank you for the clarity. 0
Those that can articulately regurgitate the orthodoxy are considered the smart ones. 0
14 more months! 0
This just in: Campaign workers trying to make sure outright lies not spread about their candidate while playing up their strong points. 0
I don't understand why I got downvoted to oblivion.. 0
I kind of like his routine stump speech right now... 0
Unfortunately for Climate Change Deniers that iceberg has melted so much only the tip is left. 0
When did I say it wasn't accurate? 0
What is this headline trying to tell me? 0
Pssst...I don't think anyone cares who you support. 0
...and fill it with nuclear waste 0
Mass shootings are nowhere near as common as you are implying. 0
You know it's bad when you have to try to ***downplay*** your candidate's social media presence. 0
President Obama could've grown up on one of Saturn's moons and he *still* would've been an American. 0
Spicy 0
Apply to be a fucking mod then. 0
Karl Rove must be uncomfortable in that smaller mask. 0
It's a safespace 0
Probably because he's not white. 0
I would think that Trump is a joke when it comes to women rights if he would accept that 0
The title makes him sound like a wizard. 0
Science is just liberal propaganda. 0
Oh great the local science denier came to pay a visit 0
Hypocrisy is the name of the game when your with Trump 0
That election was weird for a whole different host of reasons. 0
I think Obama's father was an atheist. 0
Is there anything that libertarians *won't* turn into a conspiracy theory? 0
I think you are trying to disable your rational faculties with a comfortable answer you don't feel needs examination. 0
More deadly than not criticizing your own endorsement from the KKK? 0
All of them. 0
Life is a Kilgore Trout story. 0
It really bothers me that you think that without providing alternatives. 0
blah blah who cares. 0
"Or possibly assassinated by crazed right-wingers in terror of ""socialism""" 0
What about Jim Gilmore? 0
"It's going to be like the ""Business Ethics"" scene from Billy Madison." 0
bingo 0
he still can't force places to implement it which was the original post. 0
Look who's persecuting the christians. 0
No Meta threads 0
I KNEW it! 0
Someone's doing all the trumping. 0
What could possibly go wrong? 0
I humbly volunteer. 0
A global war effort is a lot different that killing an old man on dialysis living in a shack and not offering a single shred of proof it happened. 0
This just in: campaigns lie. 0
Not to mention insulting 0
I thought akroyds nixon was pretty good. 0
Why do you believe that? 0
How DARE people ask for evidence! 0
It's a terrible definition because barely anyone thinks like that 0
Then enjoy President Trump. 0
9 years older than trump. 0
Yeah his latest episode was quite soft on her I feel. 0
Can't install extensions in the browser at work. 0
If you still vote for her after all she has done I don't think the Democratic party needs to worry about your loyalty 0
He's a bully. 0
Then I don't know why you brought them up. 0
He would go even crazier than today on twitter. 0
What is his reddit handle? 0
Truth has a liberal bias 0
"This shit is **exactly** why ""compromising"" with Republicans is like feeding internet trolls." 0
Because half her party didn't trust her or even really like her and after she paid DWS for services rendered they lost most of us. 0
Why did you make an account 4 months ago and only comment on one sub? 0
That's like replacing DWS with a thing that's also like DWS. 0
Or people look at Trump's exact words one day and then look at his exact words on another day. 0
The need for legitimacy? 0
Ditto Walker 0
Now that's some 4D chess 0
He's a coward by doing the opposite of the cowardly thing? 0
This guy again? 0
Citation for your shitpost please. 0
Talking to someone and giving them a random name? 0
weather =/= climate 0
The right-wing loonies never saw a conspiracy theory they didn't like. 0
Haha what? 0
Yep NAFTA has completely fucked the American worker. 0
Happy hour? 0
Yes. 0
In the court of PFC Smith who joined because he needed some discipline and order in his life and has a wife and kids to support back home and has a sargeant threatening him with dishonorable discharge for forgetting to tie his shoelaces? 0
You can't fight money with less money 0
Looks like a scene from Weekend at Bernie's... 0
I call dibs on being Hopper. 0
Sic Semper Viganus! 0
Usually those were over the budget itself though... or abortion if the Republicans held it up. 0
Poe's law seems to not exist anymore. 0
Calling it 'Thought' is extremely generous. 0
A single anonymous anecdotal story is all we need to form opinions! 0
*After* the convention 0
and your point is.... 0
This sub is a disgrace. 0
But feels! 0
Thanks Obama! 0
Please tell me how the cops overstepped their bounds here when: * She was the one trespassing * They asked her nicely to leave many times * They were gentle with her until she started bucking 0
He'd build the most beautiful wall anyone had ever seen. 0
This just in: The American public wants to take back some of the wealth that is being stolen from them. 0
This already happened at the RNC - all week long and it was fine. 0
It is though 0
Me neither. 0
Upvotes for you! 0
How is this any more public than the any of the other FBI findings? 0
Even he's not that stupid. 0
Don't try to spread your namby pamby common sense around here you religious right wing nutjob...s/ 0
This is rather brilliant. 0
The exploding plant was older than the surounding buildings. 0
Well that must be much easier to come up with than a reasonable response. 0
My laziness helps greatly. 0
Dude just fucking stop 0
Your apparent lack of even the most basic economic principles is the embarrassment... assuming you're a Bernie Sanders supporter. 0
Why would a company or individual not try to lower their taxes as much as possible? 0
I miss his Mitch McConnell. 0
good 0
What did they give him to make him eat that giant shit burger? 0
This fills me with so much rage that I don't even know how to rationally respond without mention of sharp objects and deep holes. 0
Or just plain stupid... 0
Thanks. 0
The coal industry isn't being propped up; it's the solar industry that's being propped up with subsidies at the moment. 0
I am Jack's total lack of surprise. 0
Capitalism. 0
Good point. 0
The scare quotes really add to your screed 0
Didn't Obama appoint his cabinet FULL of Wall Street cronies? 0
Sanders is also the most pro Palestinian candidate too. 0
Nipples are evil! 0
In other news a new study suggests it's cheaper not to eat food. 0
Define a political reason 0
I'll take that as a no. 0
It's a combination. 0
their click through rate must be off the charts if they don't care about it 0
"""Democrats think bans will work for guns but not for drugs or abortion; Republicans think bans will work for abortion and drugs but not for guns.""" 0
Sick comeback bro. 0
enjoy a conservative supreme court for the next 15 years. 0
Actually iirc there's been a lot of instances where hackers actually do this... 0
No one cares..... 0
"""Melania didn't plagiarize""" 0
That seems pretty much impossible at this point in the primaries. 0
People who read the article realize that the post's title is an exact quote as per **Submission Guidelines** #3. 0
Bush was supported fully by his party Trump was supported by only 30% of it it is not because he said dirty things (the GOP usually are ok with that ... it's that he said those while not being really one of them ... and calling them idiots all the while) 0
Chris Christie is probably the most hated man in NJ. 0
source on that accusation? 0
Just 68? 0
Proof please. 0
The same way trump can because they believe anything 0
she could be the first prez without a security clearance. 0
LOL 0
[Citation needed] 0
The big ones. 0
Hooray for OPM 0
Rebranding Republicans is hard work! 0
And this kiddies is why you should stay away from meth. 0
Simple majority? 0
You mean stuff like gay electro-conversion 'therapy'? 0
Eventually automation is cheaper than H1-B's too. 0
"Just had to make sure the post had it's ""Republican Conspiracy"" comment didn't you?" 0
Like his bankrupt casinos? 0
Not Until next January. 0
On something that obviously unconstitutional it would probably blocked by injunction before it even went into effect. 0
They reported what he said. 0
It's like MSNBC endorsing a democrat 0
Sounds like he really was not that into it. 0
"""Megathread""" 0
yah i know a lot who wanted him but regret that dearly 0
Lol Petraeus and Flynn belong in prison lol 0
May the bird of happiness fly over you and take a big shit right on you head. 0
Isn't Congress exempt from the rules? 0
Let's just let them both take each other out. 0
"I still don't understand why his children are so involved... aren't they supposed to be running a ""blind trust""?" 0
I think that covers it. 0
You cant gerrymander the electoral college... Its not like we are changing state boundaries... 0
Right? 0
Frump could build his wall at the mason dixon line then. 0
Youre the one assuming only minorities work in convenience stores. 0
Still out of date 0
If we jack up the tax rates in Colorado do you suppose that we can get some of the god damned Texans and Californians to move out. 0
How many relevant emails did Hillary Clinton delete from her secret email server? 0
Cuz he has a small penis. 0
Pics or it didn't happen 0
The portion or the #NeverHillary people who aren't voting for Jill Stein. 0
The only thing it did do is show how little shit Hillary gives about the country 0
"I heard she got a ""perty mouth""" 0
Proof that you don't have to be smart to be rich. 0
Remember the Guaca-bowle. 0
They keep the Russians out. 0
The case you cited agrees with me 0
cash is king 0
Always keep the woman at your side pretty. 0
First positive thing about his entire campaign. 0
They'll die at some point. 0
You don't have to have an ID to buy a gun or to express your opinion. 0
don't fuck with unions son... 0
Learn how to communicate in informal conversational dialog. 0
But ...but ...there is a 0.000001% chance of there being a 'lone wolf' shooting at me. 0
Gardner returning the favor to Rubio. 0
Leave it to the baggers to get it wrong first. 0
This likely happened in Ohio with Bernie supporters voting for Kasich to undermine Trump's lead. 0
Or ripping off poor people. 0
Please do we can always use the working man voting against the Democrats 0
Oh I see how that's relevant now. 0
How about a surprise scenario where you have no idea whether you'll live or die (by about day three death seems awfully likely) and did not consent? 0
Exactly what it needs...more hot air 0
I guess I should expect that from 538. 0
A map with her town crosshaired might be sufficient. 0
Do... you... want... to... play... a... game? 0
And yet the principles behind it are well documented. 0
It's not a theory when it's proven and documented in the court record. 0
You mean an endorsement from couple second rate rappers isn't enough? 0
Better than your anecdotal evidence you fucktard 0
The Republican party is a cult. 0
Support a *real* pizza place. 0
This from the guy who has violated every anti-trust law in the book. 0
I bet you would like to see people sent to prison for political dissent wouldn't you. 0
RESPONSIBILITY! 0
You need to find smarter friends. 0
The Flemish would like to have a word with you. 0
And still has rapes and murders and kidnappings where victims are unable to defend themselves because they are unarmed. 0
They'll finally get the adoration they deserve. 0
Wow. 0
"Instead simply re-releases Machiavelli's ""The Prince"" with a new book cover." 0
OK degenerate 0
They lobby to write laws in such a way that fraud and bribery and tax evasion have all been legalized. 0
It is my vote and I can do whatever I want with it. 0
Because you are bad at thinking 0
Netanyahu brings more grief and harm to Israel than the actual enemies of Israel. 0
People really don't value anything until they lose *everything*. 0
Right so I basically agree with none of his ideas. 0
"""My safe space""" 0
That's a great saying for letting malicious and greedy people get away with it. 0
The irony of this statement is fantastic. 0
I hear Hillary is planning on waging WWIII with WiFi signals. 0
China surpasses us as an economic superpower by 2016. 0
Larry I want to bet that it is not. 0
Lol found the triggered Trumpet. 0
I just won't vote if she's the nominee. 0
I don't think most Americans would be okay with this if they knew actually about it. 0
I love Amash wish we had someone like him in CT. 0
Yeah it's far less absurd to claim that blacks just aren't paying attention yet. 0
Yes 0
**Poll results** (Democratic Party) - 505 likely voters Hillary Clinton (D) 56% None of the above 4% Martin O'Malley (D) 2% Bernie Sanders (D) 31% Other 2% Undecided 4% ... **Poll Results** (Republican Party) - 476 likely voters Jeb Bush (R) 4% Ben Carson (R) 23% Chris Christie (R) 2% Ted Cruz (R) 11% Carly Fiorina (R) 3% Jim Gilmore (R) 0% Lindsey Graham (R) 0% Mike Huckabee (R) 4% Bobby Jindal (R) 0% John Kasich (R) 4% None of the above 1% George Pataki (R) 0% Rand Paul (R) 4% Marco Rubio (R) 11% Rick Santorum (R) 0% Donald Trump (R) 26% Other 1% Undecided 5% ... **Polling Method**: Live phone **Margin of Error**:: +/- 3% 0
We're witnessing the fall of Rome. 0
That would be amazing. 0
megyn is plastic tho 0
Reddits tears of rage are delicious. 0
They're playing **their base** for a bunch of idiots FTFY 0
Welcome to my satanic grocery store! 0
Wikileaks will be exposing your in game chat logs soon. 0
One of the reasons this circus is so hard to get rid of. 0
Wtf is this? 0
"Should be read as ""a pox on both your houses""." 0
Gary johnson 2016 0
So... My comment is biased because my username suggests that I think Jeb's pubic hair would make a good candidate? 0
Does this mean the Oxy-Moron thinks Muslims come from outer space? 0
Is this the same Reddit that considered a career politician an anti-establishment candidate or are we all pulling out our Jump to Conclusions mats? 0
They hate Israel not out of respect for human rights but out of a 100% unadulterated hate of minorities though- it's why the Kirds are hated too 0
Enlighten me. 0
He's a lost cause 0
So you're like a crazy person. 0
You leave Jack Burton alone! 0
Shame that isn't going to help him get the nomination 0
Squirt out like a disgusting and repugnant diahrea 0
how doe cenk and ana get along if so? 0
How's John Kasich doing? 0
Stockholm Syndrome. 0
I bet he gives the best hugs. 0
Right. 0
The problem is that it Giuliani is still incorrect even in context. 0
"More accurately: they believe whatever the Kochs (who founded and funded this phony Astroturf ""movement"") tell them to think." 0
The pizza guy who is now warning of Obama causing the end times? 0
Just because I'm republican doesn't mean I keep up with the news. 0
Clinton landslide victory in Iowa. 0
Freedom comes from transparency. 0
It didn't help Hillary much when she said she envisioned open borders... regardless of context that doesn't play well in border states where we actually see the problems illegal immigration *can* bring. 0
Russia is desperate to prop up their puppet until he can do most damage. 0
Being of the opinion that life begins at conception is not un-libertarian in nature. 0
What do you think 0
Where are black people flourishing under GOP leadership....I'll wait... 0
Someone getting a kick-back. 0
Speaking of which I wonder how Sanders is doing in the polls today? 0
He's a black gentleman 0
9 of the top 10 comments all anti trump the other is neutral 0
It's funny how the conversation always gets really quite about now. 0
Ok? 0
More a history than current politics but very interesting (I think) and certainly explains some things today. 0
I'm less worried that Pence would use the FBI to delegitimize or threaten to imprison the Democratic nominee in 2020. 0
Specifically bombing Syrian opposition and not bombing ISIS. 0
Basically their strategy for this campaign. 0
Yet she's consistently winning the popular vote. 0
"Probably because the ""free market"" fails every single time." 0
Uh..... 0
smh 0
Paul sounded ok until he began raving for a flat tax. 0
**A** founder Most of the rest of them were quick to jump into parties 0
yeah goes both ways buds 0
...because he has to undo what they did. 0
why because that's what your cable news station is telling you? 0
Vanillacreme007 for president 0
We need to at least make an up or down vote mandatory. 0
Pathetic that the FBI is investigating you at all. 0
"Does anything that the ""white is right"" crowd does or say make sense?" 0
claimimg all college degrees are equal is like saying all jobs are equal. 0
Says the redditor for 1 month. 0
I didn't know accusing detractors of being on their period was what passed for charisma in the States these days. 0
Because muh whyte neighborhood is more important than global warming. 0
You realize Bernie left the Democratic party right? 0
From the assholes @r/the ~~donald~~ dipshit 0
More like a slushy 0
He claimed in a speech that he could shoot someone outside of Trump Tower and not lose voters. 0
Ron Paul is the only candidate that talks about real issues. 0
Do you accept that Donald Trump won and is now the President Elect? 0
Simplest answer: drop Facebook. 0
Is this just real life 0
Exactly ! 0
"""economic anxiety""" 0
If they are here illegally.... They have more to lose...aka deportation. 0
"Lyndon ""Jumbo"" Johnson" 0
You didn't expect that he could write a book all by himself did you? 0
You mean Megan Kelly trying to torpedo Trump was not putting him in the spot enough for you? 0
That is what they do of you care to research them at all. 0
Why no one in America would give a shit 0
Just can't leave it alone can they? 0
Then Obama should not be trying to start another Cold War. 0
Ignorant assumptions* 0
Its funny how much Cuban triggered him. 0
They'll just wait till winter for all the soldiers to freeze 0
What do the Lake and Palmer Polls say? 0
23 D LIMBO! 0
he breathed on a threatening manner. 0
cool story bro 0
I wish everyone were that responsible. 0
God Bless America ... oh wait 0
Voting for the party that will immediately implement huge tax cuts for the wealthy even though it's been proven for decades to not be beneficial to the working class will help them how? 0
Oh you're just an asshole 0
I don't think we live in the same nation. 0
Was unaware that Obama was employing the military in relation to Obamacare. 0
That's a scary truth. 0
Did you even read the fucking article? 0
He has troll in his username.. 0
unproductive - productive = un + productive + productive unproductive = un + productive Yep the math checks out. 0
"You're arguing with a person who thinks ""Muslim"" is a language." 0
The mere truth isn't going to get Calgary Ted into the White House. 0
Well that lock Ness is a tricky bastard. 0
you have no third parties at all? 0
I love how someone who has been a redditor for all of 2 months is calling everyone else a shill. 0
Kinda like Hamilton at the Tony's. 0
Pretty much that's all they care about. 0
And yet they claim to shit freedom. 0
Lying to Congress about it is a felony. 0
wat? 0
m'acaroni 0
Don't you dare drag StarCraft into this shit show. 0
I agree. 0
But he answered the call! 0
wasn't the number one rule about controlling healthcare to control the people and the tea party was opposing universal healthcare. 0
Let them eat cake! 0
That is who also makes up the independent voter. 0
Trumps presidency is derailing before it even gets started. 0
The real Mitt Romney once again shows his true colors. 0
Good point 0
Maybe they're measured in moonths instead of years. 0
"""sane"" ""sociopaths""" 0
This is almost as good as the Rubio bot malfunction 0
God forbid you be part of a larger society. 0
cut the cord 0
well... You're not wrong.. People tend to stop laughing once he holds the highest office in the country and start impacting lives. 0
Shes up at that Fran Drescher level 0
On top of Americans having much longer work days on average then most countries in Europe so stopping in between work sometimes is not even possible. 0
Implying swing voters would vote for a socialist before they vote for trump. 0
People got to work and shit? 0
What have the Romans ever done for us? 0
They want to keep the gravy train from the Wall St./corporate donors coming. 0
If there was no policy against it why has she said that it was a mistake? 0
I like everything 0
Then Lauer UNLEASHES THE FURY! 0
Literally the devil with a heart full of hate 0
Not everyone can afford bread but America can afford expansion of taxes? 0
As if they don't already know that... 0
Michigan and wisconsin... they were so focused on home runs they forgot to keep the blue wall propped up- but it was probably russias fault anyways 0
Demagogues like the present Republican candidates do not really care about real world consequences of the populist shit they say. 0
We discipline children that behave like Donald Trump. 0
Just another case of conservatives screwing with the voting system so they get what they want but the actual majority doesn't. 0
Do I get the sauce with that? 0
That is kind of racist/agest man.... 0
It's on deposits in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 0
That's how life works though. 0
What does that mean? 0
Imagine if you could have presented a worse analogy for this issue... 0
buy why would you waste your vote on someone who can't even win the election? 0
Shhhhh you're ruining the narrative. 0
Now I hate it 0
Stewart is Jewish and Colbert has to stay within bounds or he will get destroyed like Helen. 0
Not polled because they're caucuses not primaries 0
Case in point: the Walton heirs. 0
Did you fall for the great 'Free Windows 10 Upgrade' swindle? 0
Your claim that this sounds like bullshit sounds like bullshit. 0
So the lesser of the evils...... 0
Well he'll vote for her. 0
Does it count if it's written in crayon? 0
And most of the fundamental research is done in publicly funded labs already. 0
Okay so why did you vote for him? 0
You sound like a Trump fan trying to insult Trump. 0
TL;DR: Republicans were denied a stay against the new Congressional Map going into effect. 0
Way too establishment and way too much Bush baggage. 0
Don't forget that Hillary is the biggest factor why she didn't win. 0
I mean you're probably right about that 0
Ho Ho Ho Ho 0
As long as I don't have to pay for it 0
BBBBBut Hillary is not an argument. 0
Neither are taxes. 0
4D Yahtzee 0
Depends if there are grounds for investigation. 0
55% 0
The mod are not getting paid to ban people that oppose the queen. 0
Ok bby. 0
How do you know they weren't middle class? 0
Why would he do that when he can smash her in a general election? 0
"Personal liberties and a ""strong government"" don't go hand in hand." 0
Trump is a robot who's easily programmable? 0
DeBlasio is not progressive he is one of those libertarian kind of conservative Democratic. 0
The question is how long will he be reading from a teleprompter? 0
Change that to trillions to be more accurate. 0
Good thing you know more about the law and the email situation than the FBI 0
Well tbf it is only profitable go overseas because the cost of the low wages plus shipping product half way across the world is still less than what Americans seem to expect. 0
What about an explosion over a leak? 0
Some people in the third world have zero net-worth...but recent American college and grad school graduates frequently have -150k+ net-worths! 0
My favorite! 0
Let's roll. 0
The best predictor of future behavior is past behavior. 0
Of course a serial adulterer like Trump would blame the wife for her husband's philandering. 0
I think we're in agreement. 0
"""Not actually crazy"" is sort of a default expectation for a senior member of any party." 0
Conservatives would rather take all that stuff out of prison. 0
Even a broken clock is right twice a day. 0
SCOTUS has ruled any form of dismissal of a faithless elector as unconstitutional. 0
Or sleeps with a doctor and lives with him and thinks she's qualified to be one. 0
I'm almost positive any post from a Trumpinista that begins with LOL is from a Russian shill....which is about 90% of them. 0
Make America Gooey Again! 0
When you are feeding your family and living paycheck to paycheck that isn't an option. 0
Why are you donating your own money to a campaign funded by millionaires and billionaires? 0
I don't say this often... How brave! 0
Registered them to vote was the big crime. 0
Which state will become move them all to and wall off? 0
And take his resources. 0
Is he going to blame the gays and call for another spiritual cleansing of your country? 0
Are you drunk? 0
No. 0
I prefer tubular or gnarly. 0
[deleted] responded to wrong comment 0
"You gotta have a plan before it can be ""stifled.""" 0
That is exactly what Trump wants to do in US. 0
Donald definitely does not. 0
You don't get to be President if you're poor. 0
What about the right to face their accuser? 0
Is that a thumbnail of Cruz actually trying to poke holes in climate science? 0
Fuck you and your dumb ass book. 0
There's a million reasons to be against Trump but this is fucking stupid. 0
How about other relevant stories? 0
Because it's a lot cheaper to create 1.4 million jobs overseas rather than here. 0
Kind of like the bankers today. 0
"""We?""" 0
And this differs from Democrat strategy 2000-2008 in what way? 0
They already did a miniseries called The Brink where Jack Black had to save the planet from egotistical maniacs. 0
As if American citizens have *any* influence in the governance of this country. 0
It's not an opinion if it's obvious fact. 0
i'd be more worried about people having an edible and then having it hit while they are on the freeway home or something. 0
"And Gandhi was paraphrasing his mom who said ""every little bit helps""." 0
Rand Paul has also said he'd be willing to vote against crazy stuff... 0
Sounds like a free market. 0
"Ohh I'm pretty sure 24 straight months of Hillary Clinton's emails and 8 years of ""Obama is a gun grabbing Muslim terrorist with a fake birth certificate"" did a fantastic job at shaping the opinion of the US electorate" 0
when we are talking about HER yes of course i'm going to select her crime to talk about 0
"""Family Values""" 0
The guy is a fat ass 0
That graph changes nothing about the demographics of the remaining primaries or the lead HRC has already built. 0
"In which he said ""racial discrimination against blacks doesn't exist because I am brown and got into an Ivy League school""" 0
you mean the 8x10 glossies with numbers and arrows and paragraph on the back? 0
For anyone actually wondering--rather than spinning--the answer is it lends strong support to the suspicion the videos are simply a new entry in the man's portfolio of dishonestly-edited videos that suggest the interviewees are saying something completely different than they are. 0
They work in adjacent cubes 0
My city is now way too spread out for people to do anything but drive. 0
Or just liberals that care about fixing a rigged system in general. 0
give it up ... she has super pacs which spent money too ... the amount of money which she has raised from special interests is obscene and even one of the fucking movie stars who raised it for her said so himself. 0
u mad 0
Abortion: Bad Torture and Death Penalty: Somehow not a problem... 0
"Too bad she's not a resounding success like Nancy Reagan and ""Just Say No""." 0
aaaaaaand it's passed 0
threatening judges and failing to follow certain protocols are a huge difference 0
He's a catalyst. 0
I thought Clinton was supposed to have good judgement.... I guess her beginning stages of Parkinson are really affecting her judgement. 0
Trump in 2017 will mean a right leaning moderate replacement for Scalia. 0
The weigh-in to this thing is going to be brutal. 0
Palin is hotter 0
"I don't see anything wrong with a ""build the wall"" chant." 0
My personal opinion is that the overwhelming majority of the democratic establishment would not be lining up behind Hillary if there was any whiff amongst Washington insiders of even a mere possibility that an indictment was on its way. 0
Tell that to the Trumps not us. 0
Must be talking about different articles 0
Also having them valet your car. 0
Sanders should replace her as DNC chair. 0
But Obama said the Employment numbers were fine? 0
What? 0
[Citation needed] 0
fuck cnn and its hillary thumping bullshit. 0
I'm not gullible enough to take the word of something he wrote in a book so there's that 0
Trump would never bring in foreigners and give them jobs that Americans could do....right? 0
The GOP is insane. 0
Silverman told the Sanders or bust extremists they were being ridiculous and was met with far more applause than boos. 0
I'm game. 0
Way to revive the scandal 0
That man was truly a visionary. 0
This will surely secure those ridiculous Millennial voters. 0
Sorry comrade. 0
Right to work for less.... 0
"""I know I wasn't invited to the party but mind if I piss in the punch bowl?""" 0
If they thought that there was enough information to prove it they would have charged her. 0
This is the snarl of a cornered animal. 0
We went from #Trumpforpresident2016 to #Trumpforprison2016 real fast these past few days... 0
The CIA already sent them phishing emails but the Russian tech guys were smart enough to consult with reddit first and knew not to open them. 0
SHE SHOULD BE RUNNING 0
Sanders sold out himself and tried to sell out his movement. 0
The courts have already overturned laws that tried to block medicare and medicaid funding. 0
Perhaps she shouldn't have bought the hype! 0
I read that in Gollum's voice. 0
Imagine no religion. 0
"""All politicians do it.""" 0
Turns out selling books by being a partisan hack is more profitable than actually serving your country. 0
meta... 0
I would have a week ago. 0
He was quoting what he was told by a woman from BLM as a launching platform for his point ..... 0
It seems oil companies share something with crack dealers: they gleefully kill their customers in the name of short-term profits. 0
Look? 0
No the cocaine was the thing keeping him up. 0
Not much of anything substantial goes through congress these days. 0
You should read some of the books I mentioned. 0
You actually think he will come clean? 0
Yea the vicious primaries doesn't help the Republicans at all. 0
They'll probably just go to republican leaning areas during the general election and block roads on election day. 0
*Hilldawg. 0
Yeah I don't know what election you were watching but the one I just witnessed never could of ended with us all holding hands regardless of who won. 0
We say that about Fox and we see where that has gotten us over the last 14 years. 0
I enjoy the comments from people that are blaming Obama for this when the ruling was handed down by a state Supreme Court in fly-over country. 0
Revealing it to make a point to people he's speaking to is only capable with intent. 0
Is this satire? 0
writing an essay doesn't guarantee you a scholarship. 0
I pretty sure that would be how perjury works under oath. 0
And 2032 may see gondolas replace cabs in NYC. 0
The sarcasm is strong with this one. 0
Because a lot of voters are uninformed about how it affects them or just don't care. 0
KU KLUX KLAN for 1000 alex 0
Only if Romney wins and you continue to live in America. 0
Keep telling yourself that. 0
I want you to imagine for a minute... Hillary is a life long politician who's been involved in policy making and what not... While Donnie has been a involved in global business. 0
Ewwwwwww. 0
I don't question the booming economy part. 0
Fuck that guy. 0
You spelled our lord and savior's name wrong and you dare talk about disrespect? 0
"For only political the party trying to put guns into schools not allowing them at their convention puts the lie to ""safer with more guns"" line they are pedaling." 0
The God botherers are concerned that it might encourage promiscuity? 0
It's like the undead zombie army of political has-beens in this administration. 0
How did gerrymandering effect the Senate votes? 0
Not that I really care. 0
That's a bit of a stretch. 0
Desperation. 0
You operate under the assumption that he gives a fuck about any Trump supporter's mind at this point. 0
No? 0
Sanders did? 0
If only there were some progressive trustworthy enough to steal their votes back from Trump... 0
All they are missing is the girl on page 3 0
Facts have no place here! 0
Stein here as well. 0
Inb4 MLG reel 0
Guarantee the cop won't lose his job over this. 0
Yes that's totally the entire reason 0
He could: A) Raise money for progressive primary candidates B) Stump for progressive primary candidates C) Endorse progressive primary candidates D) Mention progressive primary candidates Which of those has he done? 0
With the NSA and the other dark agencies why did they not know about the server and go to President Obama or someone to get it shut down. 0
Scripted questions by shillbots 0
I suppose the kid didn't learn to keep his fucking mouth shut. 0
So can you answer this basic math question: between May 2013 through April 2015 were more white people killed by cops than black people killed by cops? 0
When did the majority of voters from both parties agree upon him? 0
what a bunch of bitches. 0
Secretary of Commerce 0
gay 0
Clinton was mentioned more than Trump at the RNC. 0
Both? 0
These are definitely the kind of women you want to spend eternity with. 0
Iran doesn't have a pope.... 0
The military have shown themselves to be scum. 0
"""... never-mind that it also happens to yield demonstrably more egalitarian results.""" 0
Ryan and McCain are wishy washy spineless weasels while Flake maintains a little more integrity. 0
You cant charge them with anything.. This is a fishing expedition by a single AG. 0
You can't grab white male privilege by the pussy. 0
Projecting much? 0
She should really cut it out. 0
Nobody is gonna legally come here for a part time job dude. 0
I voted for her if you have any questions 0
They need a better union. 0
Like that movie Surviving the Game. 0
or putting wires in the sky like some silly person 0
it begins 0
Or reload if you get hit. 0
Why waste it? 0
The experts have have been wrong about everything though. 0
Racism 0
TIL saying mean things is worse than doing bad things. 0
I feel like Rand would have had a better chance if there weren't like 20 Republicans trying to be President. 0
Her kid doesn't even have autism. 0
well below minimum wage. 0
He doesn't want to alienate anyone prior to his 2016 run 0
Are women in a hurry for abortions? 0
gg no re 0
There were all kinds of people in the 50's and 60's who were outcasts because they were in photos shaking hands and praising nazi leaders. 0
And Enron gaming the California energy market? 0
You have a lot of sore Cruzers in Texas who may chose not to vote for Pesident which would help push the state blue 0
I am definitely going to be looking for them during the purge. 0
"most of us put ""Wifi causes cancer"" and ""Vaccinations cause autism"" in the same batshit crazy section especially when she has a fucking medical degree" 0
The Justice Party. 0
3 strikes law is California state law which passed by ballot initiative in the mid-90s. 0
"""We're not bullies we're just gonna call other people idiots!""" 0
Last guy who talked about doing that was conveniently murdered in Dallas 0
Hopefully it doesn't 0
Trump has a 30% national approval rating lol 0
"I'm told that they prefer the term ""Mango American""." 0
Tax returns don't tell you anything about net worth. 0
Maybe because he fucking right. 0
I have trouble seeing how advancing the industry faster is a bad thing in the grand scheme of things. 0
No 0
Maybe he should pray very hard and a Angel can send him the answers to the questions like he claims he did and help him pass Chem class.... 0
Hillary Clinton's email negligence is also documented. 0
That was a later addition to my main point of his taxable income being 45k after expenses and deductions. 0
Who cares as long as people are using stalls? 0
Pretty sure he was high as fuck at the DNC. 0
Doesn't mean they deserve to make more than 300 times as much as the average worker. 0
The more election coverage happens on the internet; the more election coverage will become subject to the laws of internet discourse. 0
nah she's generally pretty empathetic. 0
How dare people make money form the content they created! 0
Controlled opposition. 0
Source/example? 0
Did John McCain offer an alternative position? 0
you can be a dual citizen now? 0
Good it needs to die. 0
It's also sad that a man who didn't serve is calling veterans weak. 0
Many of the Republicans are sick of the Republican platform. 0
What's the point then? 0
I care more about the corruption in politics than I do our foreign relations. 0
I think it's time to really heap on #FuckFaceVonClownstick and actively taunt the man child that he can read twitter but can't comment. 0
I still think it's bizarre that Pence wants a little evening entertainment from the same people he targets while in office. 0
I think less funding for the EPA to ensure even less oversight is the clear answer! 0
Human fetuses. 0
That is because trump kept spouting bullshit. 0
Probably more like reckless disregard. 0
Is this your personal bias talking? 0
It was again obvious that he doesn't have the grasp of information or intellect for delivering that information to truly debate her intelligently so he insults. 0
I'm going to miss you when you leave the site :'( 0
either is fine 0
Please explain 0
Maybe FEMA does a better job when Republican presidents aren't choosing unqualified managers for it. 0
What does that have *anything* to do with my original comment? 0
She's such a fuckin bullshitter. 0
Global warming solved! 0
18 Real Things Donald Trump Has Said About Women Correct title 0
Nearly 50 Mississippi mayors don't want their constituents to have universal health care. 0
But it's enough to promote a preposterous conspiracy theory? 0
You could work for the Texas Board of Education with that much enthusiasm for revisionist history. 0
I'm going ahead and assume a political group that showed up to a rally did at least a little bit of research first. 0
When he made the remark about his temperament the mic seemed to work fine. 0
She'll keep it in the chamber for every time Trump brings up the Clinton foundation (and Trump will bring up the Clinton foundation) 0
If they don't make enough money to pay taxes then they are the ones being exploited. 0
Nelson Mandela. 0
He's still a dick. 0
I'd laugh at Alex Jones more if there weren't so many people swallowing every bit of horseshit that comes out of his mouth as the word of fucking God 0
So you're saying there's a chance? 0
I sense the Trump-slime coated hands of Ted Cruz at work here... 0
How many other congress members can do that 0
thatsthejoke.jpg 0
Well the 9 times thing is a stretch. 0
takes one to know one 0
I'm arguing the metric for measuring how well it does is flawed because it conflates the various forms of spending and revenue sources. 0
Hillary suffers from the political disadvantage of both posessing a set of ovaries and lacking testicles. 0
Oh definitely: he's too liberal for the ultra-orthodox 0
Obama. 0
Watch George Takei Hammer Donald Trump 0
Maybe if everyone was given free education then people would be a little more adept at understanding statistics? 0
The vacation is in a bunker. 0
They were reporting at the time that a long gun was in the car. 0
"I think it's more the ""desperately trying to prevent a fascist from taking office"" stage." 0
The one and only. 0
The DNC and RNC would probably combine their bullshit together to make sure that the third party candidates didn't get much TV coverage or get to participate in the debates 0
Stand on your chair at Denny's and rant about the plight of the natives until they throw you out. 0
I'm pretty sure half the people on that sub and r/conspiracy are just trolls anyway. 0
Lumps of cells can't get harvested for human body parts. 0
Wire you spelling things incorrectly? 0
That was a long walk to common sense 0
Yeah Florida is already number 48 or something out of 50. 0
"""Y'all comrades have any communism?""" 0
"if you want to get technical about it the U.S is most accurately defined by the term ""polyarchy"" but yeah a Republic and a Democracy are not mutually exclusive." 0
The voters were shittier. 0
Perfect example being levies to resist floods. 0
And Nevada 0
You haven't seen many hispanics huh? 0
Search up Hillary having a shoe thrown at her on YouTube 0
Are you going to answer the question? 0
This is a crock of horse shit. 0
One could argue that the majority are there as a result of their own actions. 0
Free market candidates and now he wants a bailout. 0
I mean its not wrong though 0
Only instead of exciting it will be exclusively painful. 0
link? 0
Lol wake up morons you can't possibly believe this 0
Aka fascism in yet another form 0
They should just get it over with and introduce the Bible as their history book. 0
Really did need saying twice! 0
well..... that just sounds way too practical. 0
Nope. 0
Well done. 0
Able to do math if the price is right. 0
It's a vlog. 0
That escalated quickly. 0
He has already got Putin's hand up his butt working his mouth. 0
You've got a better chance getting shot as you walk to school than you do getting shot in class. 0
What is pizzagate? 0
My plan is to crowd-source a plan. 0
Reddit Enhancement Suite tells me! 0
Let's start by being fair first... 0
Waiting for the T-1000 model! 0
If they are a closely held corporation. 0
U obtuse af 0
Do DNC leadership not realize they have to cut this shit out if they ever want to be back in power? 0
Many of us do..... 0
So Republicans saying they are going to lynch Africans-Americans is okay in your eyes because they are just joking. 0
Are you saying that's a good thing? 0
A rebellion against corporate largess for the modern day DNC. 0
I feel sorry for these people at this point in time. 0
"Translation - ""I can't remember which of my prepared lies I'm supposed to use to answer your question.""" 0
I think the term applies to both sexes. 0
I do not think ObamaCare is the end game here. 0
Because they can afford to insulate themselves from things that the vanishing middle class and the lower class have to deal with on a daily basis. 0
Just like Matthew Shepard. 0
This is like when a politician sexually harasses an intern and goes through a course of Workplace Conduct Training... like they seriously didn't know what was and wasn't ok before he told that intern she had lips that were made for pleasing. 0
You just described why our relations with Iran are so shitty. 0
*Collapses on big red button* 0
That's the making of a great horror flick 0
"It also doesn't pass the ""giggles"" test." 0
Free trade != A specific trade bill that expands beyond the scope of what economists consider free trade. 0
Can you imagine how the state of the union speeches would go? 0
I've been waiting all day at work for this victory thread to pop up :D MAGA! 0
is Drumpf bringing back all the buggy-whip jobs? 0
Says the girl with a dick 0
Making someone like Turner or Tulsi or Sanders himself the DNC chair is a key step for that to happen 0
And how can he take over a state he's already president of? 0
Please select language: English (UK) English (US) English (pol) 0
And said that in the middle of an economic crisis 0
Well it doesn't have his name on it *yet*. 0
Citation? 0
i didn't not say that. 0
lol no one cares.. 0
Everyone knows he's a self serving douche but I doubt he'll be impeached but as long as people know for certain what an asshole he is I'm fine 0
Totally drunk and out of control. 0
Well since Bush stole '00 don't the Dems deserve to take one? 0
Are booth parties just pranking us to shake us down for donations? 0
I'd ask a question about something he's been passionately engaged in since taking office - his golf game. 0
Well then you are lost! 0
Disappointing ~~Republicans~~ Berniebros on r/politics. 0
That's President-Elect Rich White man to you. 0
Those two people should not be in the same sentence. 0
70% effective is a 70% improvement. 0
"Remember how the GOP was up in arms about ""Emperor"" Obama over executive orders?" 0
It's called Doublethink. 0
You realize Puerto Rican's can freely travel to the states already right? 0
Thanks for making my vote slightly more important! 0
they aren't 0
Only the FBI knows the answer to that question. 0
the wording of this comment sounds terrible... 0
CNN ran something about black market sells of AK-47s (USSR surplus) a create was going for $400 US. 0
kek 0
In other words they will *never* make ethical decisions unless it improves the bottom line. 0
Remember Clinton brought us NAFTA and the repeal of the Glass-Stegall act. 0
I think that they will because they are terrified by what a Sanders' presidency would mean for their long-term employment and prospects. 0
"I'm always convinced when someone puts their fingers in their ears and screams ""I'M NOT LISTENING!""" 0
Just because you can afford something doesn't mean it shouldn't be provided as a benefit. 0
Just like when she voted against the Iraq war with Bernie.....oh wait. 0
I don't think you realize how massive the debt is. 0
ProTip - Read up on the working conditions at Amazon before you accept their offer. 0
I can't wait to help build the great wall of Trump along our southern boarder. 0
That's the only way I'd do business with Trump. 0
Well said. 0
They're going insane. 0
This article wouldn't have existed if we had taken the same stance on Cuban refugees. 0
And would definitely release it at the exact time where he could make the most money off of it! 0
Mental Gymnastics. 0
How many Republicans want to directly align themselves with Bush though 0
Do you think Mexicans get the same treatment when they try to visit America? 0
The obvious difference is the ready availability of *other* delicious food. 0
Bernie Sanders doesn't need a gun to beat the Wehrmacht. 0
Most white people I know can't move out of their cousin's bedroom. 0
You're still counting super-delegates. 0
Well said. 0
This is the best article I've read in months. 0
Ok wikileaks with their 100% record vs your feels. 0
"That's a bit silly - how would making a huge public announcement of one's change from ""Bradley"" to ""Chelsea"" make it likely that people would ever forget that you were once ""Bradley""?" 0
That's the part I'm confused about with Hillary. 0
Finally the Trump Campaign selects a scapegoat. 0
So basically she knows something about economics? 0
ACA's been benefiting me by letting me stay on my dad's insurance. 0
TL:DR I get my news from CNN that's why I don't know what's happening in Middle East and Northern Africa. 0
because.. people voted for them.. 0
More like /b/ 0
Even harder for them to buy stuff if they have no job because the government makes it illegal to pay them what they are worth to the employer. 0
Are you actually defending Hitler? 0
You don't have to be a liberal to not support Trump ya know... 0
Thanks Hillary! 0
Who is this 4chan? 0
I have a hard time imagining a non-racist Tea Partier. 0
R/Politics so salty 0
And hella proud of it! 0
"Time to warm up a new phrase: ""Thanks Hillary""" 0
Because of GOD 0
You need help. 0
October 2011--it's gonna be nasty. 0
*silence... 0
Wasn't that last Tuesday? 0
What about the bodily autonomy lost when a man is forced to work and pay child support for a child he may not have wanted? 0
If the third parties get a little too uppity they will just move the goal posts on the percentages they need to get national exposure. 0
Burn After Reading. 0
Okay then give me an example of what you consider the norm country that America outsources too? 0
Damn are ***you*** triggered! 0
I assumed they could already do this. 0
Neither did that flag that he groped. 0
is supply side jesus selling wine and false promises at this market too? 0
This will hurt those attempting to become first time buyers. 0
Romney is changing his position on Iran to appease the most conservative wing of Israeli government. 0
Lately doesn't really matter. 0
Well said 0
I wonder if she believes that Sanders supporters are actually Democrats? 0
Right because this is a great strategy to get the best professors to come to your state schools to teach. 0
Paying people to not work sounds like a great idea..... 0
It's been the theme of the year. 0
He's been pretty consistent in what he says at all his rallies 0
yeah I would like to see UE and economic growth fixed first.. but yeah we should expand the safety net when we get taxation as a percent of gdp back to reasonable levels. 0
"Kinda like the ""compromise"" on guns issues from Democrats?" 0
"Another ""Tenther.""" 0
That's just the way the... Graham cracker crumbles? 0
New york heat can't melt hillary clinton! 0
I suspect that the PC factor hindered their efforts to get to the truth on this guy 0
These weren't even rich Republicans! 0
Can't say I can really fault them for it. 0
The same reason you would go to Amsterdam 0
It IS a valid defense insofar as it will work on people who are able to be convinced to support the Big Orange Asshole. 0
How did I know this would be the top comment? 0
He has a super secret delegate strategy that this time cannot possibly fail! 0
yawn 0
This is the most ironic thread in Reddit history. 0
They'll tell you that's an Alex Jones' conspiracy theory and that there's no evidence because politifact said so ahahahahah 0
What difference at this point does it make? 0
So that makes Bernie.. Older than shit? 0
I bet Hitler had some good friends. 0
Inconceivable! 0
Clinton meets AG on plane Obama announces an event with Hillary and goes all out even flying her on AF1 Comey is holding a press conference with almost no notice and so on... 0
Ahh thank you 0
Nivlac024 is just sitting here masturbating 0
Unless you have a photo of Clinton accepting a bag with a money sign on it from someone who receives a favor they will defend it. 0
"""Convenience.""" 0
a dumbass joke 0
I lol'ed at the SELF-HATING gay republican soldiers. 0
You're saying theres no black person here that can contribute to this conversation? 0
No the DNC is the top until the primaries are over and there is a nominee. 0
watching him break down last night was amazing 0
Bernie scares a lot of people with fiscal conservative views. 0
r/conspiracy 0
Thanks for the write up. 0
The eagles were with him 0
Cool story 0
This also violates like 5 other cases (if you read the whole article) a couple of which are federal rulings and the judge doesn't give a reason why it should 0
And tell me it doesn't apply to any other popular candidate.... 0
Strange how he sounds more honest and is more straight forward than either Trump or Clinton. 0
The majority is *so* oppressed by the minority. 0
in my head it would be an incredulous question. 0
Yes of course! 0
Someone is still living in the cold war... 0
W. didn't. 0
Stop watching Fox News 0
Yummy! 0
Do they check if you can't spell before they let you in the Trump club? 0
Ethnicity doesn't stop you from being duped by used car salesmen. 0
No idea how do you think that Clinton is involved with that. 0
well some people say its a softening that is really a hardening 0
So the dems on here are saying he's broke and that he's a corrupt 1 percenter lol anything to fit the narrative I guess 0
Got to love that editor's note at the end of the article. 0
ikr fighting public corruption is so boooooring 0
Stacked against... half of the people. 0
Test 0
You don't have to vote with the expectation of winning. 0
Wow. 0
I see what you did there. 0
Clinton got his dick sucked and didn't give a shit? 0
Where have you been these past 8 years? 0
Either you're tough on crime or you love child predators. 0
Because corporations are more deserving people than mere workers. 0
I understood that reference! 0
They pay her for access to her husband's influence is your argument? 0
I can't hear you over my large piles of money. 0
Not wanting to help women and children who are in danger of being murdered by terrorists because you're scared of the God they worship is pretty low. 0
How would you do think 'profiling' that your candidate is advocating would be done? 0
"This is what you would define as ""projection""" 0
\#formatmatters 0
The only time the Tea Party seems to expose problems with Republicans is when they want to push out a politician to make room for a more tea party friendly (conservative) pol. 0
We have video of him saying that he would. 0
Horrible little man but a politican that can't be bought is better politican than one that can. 0
Supreme court nominee... 0
--E 0
He probably means work on the cotton fields. 0
That is the best option. 0
Citizen(s) ^^United Kaine 0
Obama is the best at commenting on things like he cares but not enough to do anything about it. 0
Obviously the neck beards of Reddit know about feminism.... 0
The report is evidence of the depth and breadth of corruption in the US. 0
She just fired her social media spamming service. 0
History has been played by game theory yet here we are. 0
again 0
It is a definite advantage to consider people who take things on faith as a big part of your base. 0
Republicans care about the country... about how much they can dismantle to enrich themselves. 0
You might want to bone up on your reading comprehension. 0
you might take a look around and see what's actually happening in the world. 0
America would starve without these laborer force who do the jobs Americans won't take. 0
Fox lies and actually went to court to establish its right to force employees to lie. 0
fetus does not equal unborn child. 0
Radical Islamic Terrorism is not a religion 0
Trump should do something every other candidate does and Clinton should do something nobody is expected to do? 0
Another very solid choice 0
Kek 0
How is it left wing... 0
They make three lefts. 0
So people in California who were planning to vote for him don't get their feelings hurt. 0
I thought it was the Jom Haddar? 0
Lobbying is legal... Mormon are hardly the only ones doing it. 0
Drivers licenses be racist! 0
fuck you. 0
Maybe he will use the special Presidential TARDIS at Area 51? 0
That's all at the employers discretion really. 0
Good point. 0
My pay check hitting my account of 34 cents. 0
Isn't Alberta nothing but frozen tundra ? 0
I can't wait until we take over and send these people to a gulag. 0
She probably doesn't even want to stop subsidizing them. 0
The second amendment. 0
And Michio 0
Not if they're cooked in the same kitchen where there was milk and meat. 0
It's already imploded 0
Douchebag 0
Clearly he's the bestest evah 0
So offended wahhhhhhhh 0
And that addresses the subject how? 0
Obviously Hillary (that evil witch) went there and choked them all to death with her bare hands; that's simply the only possible explanation. 0
someone has too much time on their hands to find this out... 0
something something YOU LOST something something heil Trump 0
We doubted he would win too 0
Hillary should follow his lead and try it out some time. 0
Like that's gonna stop the bitch from spewing shit out of her mouth. 0
Wow! 0
"So how long until this guy is found dead by ""suicide""?" 0
Owned. 0
Well it would make our laws more in line with the rest of the world. 0
Republicans are simply not politically savvy in their cause. 0
Says the corporate oligarchs mouthpiece. 0
Here's a dark secret: It's fairly easy to adopt a kid in America if you are a Christian fundie. 0
He and the great majority of the viewing audience agree on that. 0
Master schlonger. 0
Translation: Hillary will be the harder candidate for us to beat in November 0
Wouldn't it be that much funnier watching them tear themselves apart? 0
"""fuck george cloon-- oh.. thank you?""" 0
The messiah goes by many names. 0
[citation needed] 0
Well versed in the arts you are 0
Are you going to ignore that the GOP has worked hard for the last 30 years to frame Hillary as corrupt and untrustworthy? 0
What's your question? 0
You haven't heard of Basel 3? 0
Why not Clinton's Johnson? 0
What race are you Piyush? 0
What a Koch sucker. 0
Oh... I like that one better 0
"They both allegedly ""tickle yer inerds"" but there's little evidence beyond that." 0
Most of the planet would tell you that as well. 0
All the Twitters too! 0
With michigan done you guys are really grasping at straws here. 0
Why did he shoot Bin Laden in the first place? 0
Lets import the 3rd world to ensure eternal Democrat victory! 0
He has been blocked from doing anything by the GOP members of congress. 0
Stay thirsty my friend. 0
The problem is that people should not be able to buy influence over government. 0
TL;DR: People who don't agree with me on at least some issues serve no purpose! 0
Yes she would 0
Can confirm...I've been waiting to see to neurologist for 3 months and I even have insurance. 0
Which ends up sucking a lot because you wind up with coalitions fighting for a majority which are usually worse than simply having two major parties. 0
Against a fort which was occupied by Union troops in Confederate territory. 0
Maybe he was so dumbfounded by how we are all about to get fucked that he couldn't brain the situation in any other way. 0
That's pretty much 90% of this subreddit now. 0
"""[Anyone with Mexican ancestry isn't qualified to judge Donald Trump]""" 0
Whoosh.. 0
...But feel free to get plastered-ass drunk when you get home tonight! 0
I don't know why don't you ask the french monarchs 0
When are we going to end this? 0
I can't help I am broke can I have a little hope and change. 0
what did you want us to do exactly? 0
You're so afraid... 0
someone thinking that they can control what a woman does with her own body is a misogynist no matter what way you want to twist it. 0
Absolutely true 0
"""Both sides are the saaaame"" fallacy." 0
and he campaigned on *ending nation building*... oi. 0
We love our cops 0
And more people voting for her. 0
Yeah they forced a candidate who was basically unopposed until a guy started a campaign months after most primary candidates and got millions less votes than the other candidate. 0
I mean broadcast news not the cable network. 0
I'm sorry that you clearly don't understand the bulk of Bernie's policies. 0
No lawyer will tell you to perjure yourself. 0
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ it has nothing to do with the morality of the situation whatsoever. 0
"I'd replace ""proved"" with ""confirmed"" here." 0
Our inteligence agencies say they did 0
In cattle carts on trains? 0
I thought hed step down after he lost the white house but somehow he just keeps going 0
Funding is completely reliant on congress your point? 0
"Well the image on the sidebar was a poorly photoshopped Obama in ""terrorist"" garb." 0
Good point. 0
Is there anything in there that is anything but an attack? 0
He gave a shout out to Bernie! 0
That video should cause your family great shame. 0
He's gotta be close to Gina by now. 0
You are living in a a fantasy world my friend! 0
what was your old account? 0
They'll lively just buy up the rest of the seats next to them and fill them with interns. 0
Better repeal the 19th! 0
This is the exact same thing my smoker friends say when they defend their chain smoking. 0
By getting all of r/politics to concentrate real hard and change the laws with their minds. 0
There's no integrity in journalism anymore. 0
Then they go one by one and try to make each one stick. 0
Howard Dean is not so crazy after all. 0
TIL Obamacare and the VA are not the same thing but they are the same thing. 0
Or better yet report them for trolling and move on. 0
Well thats not exactly reassuring 0
How about a 1x1 debate? 0
haha I love it! 0
What on earth does that have to do with what I was talking about? 0
considering she wants to play chicken with russia over a no fly zone in Syria.. Trump is correct.. this time. 0
This election was clearly about economic populism and rejection of neoliberalism or something... 0
Yeah not with his supporters. 0
I would vote for Biden. 0
Did you read the article? 0
Free trade and fair trade are two different concepts. 0
Is it a wicker basket or more of a lunch pail? 0
Token anti-war rant goes here 0
If you want to view the election with that prism it is your prerogative but that is the narrative that looks the best for Trump and is highly highly simplistic. 0
Because they have no chance of working and are instead aimed at tearing allies down for not being extreme enough. 0
Look at the debates- that's how he would act 0
He wa talking about supporting ones self. 0
Not exactly a smear campaign when the information being talked about is based in fact. 0
He was hanging out in Vermont. 0
There are amoebas with more vertebrae than Donald 0
Just call the police a gang. 0
Do you know what a conscience is? 0
attention 0
"""it's just a disaster"" is his other go-to." 0
Sarcasm: the interweb's swiss army knife. 0
That'll play *right* into the hands of the RWNJ's who said he would it. 0
Half-truths are still whole lies. 0
I've always hated Lawful alignments. 0
I wonder if anyone has analyzed what the election results would be if we did this.... 0
No saying the rallies are irrelevant end the conversation. 0
So Hillarys supporting trump now? 0
Do you think Clarence Thomas' clerk is an improvement? 0
Votecastr is predicting Florida for Clinton by a good margin. 0
Those numbers are close to what I've found. 0
So while Obama was president you accepted him and did not question any of his decisions? 0
Fixing bootstraps. 0
Do you just go around spouting non-sequiturs? 0
shades of TPP 0
And I'll respond the way I did every time that tired phrase is uttered. 0
Point out something in the bill that would have prevented any school shooting. 0
Let's speed it up a bit then: What doesn't the commerce clause apply to in your eyes? 0
So much this. 0
So what laws *could* reduce gun crime? 0
Badly written and uninformative. 0
I wonder if they paid the Ghetto Boys for this 0
Yes. 0
All true. 0
Lol 0
Literally anyone who works in the evening? 0
This comment is so ironic it's literally embarrassing for you. 0
"Trump will only say to this phenomenon ""illegals are already voting""." 0
"""We apologize for getting caught"" CNN is the worst." 0
Water is for poor people. 0
Are you saying that elected Republicans were more behind Trump than Democrats were behind Hillary? 0
You can't die from it. 0
A mega-regional race for power that will only benefit a few dozen already billionaires. 0
"You need to understand that ""Some DNC members favor Hillary"" is not the same as ""Hillary forced 3 million more voters to vote for her over Bernie""" 0
What kind of insurance did they have at the times of their surgeries? 0
I can't wait for this to be over so I don't have to hear idiotic sentiments like this. 0
Dont shoot the messenger bro 0
Wall around the Fire Nation! 0
You really believe that? 0
What are the chances Hilary gets indicted though? 0
When will we see our first Millennial voter? 0
So you intentionally lied. 0
A group? 0
I think his point is the government tried to tie 9/11 to Iraq and a lot of people believed them. 0
Is this our Watergate? 0
The same can be said of Trump. 0
Hello President Romney. 0
"""Electors"" - 9 dems and 1 republican." 0
I like making divisive comments such as this. 0
Check your mother's ass. 0
And why the hell would rigged machines *show* what they do? 0
Good. 0
"Please stop using ""Wikileaks"" as proof for anything." 0
Great observation. 0
You might want to brush up on your reading comprehension skills. 0
Danny Williams 2020 0
Not really surprising considering the number of white people that think that they're the ones being truly oppressed. 0
Tell that to the students who were killed execution style at VT. 0
Fine and articulate man. 0
Buddy Roemer of the Reform Party. 0
They are an easily triggered group who believes everything they read on the internet except when it is from a pulitzer prizing winning source. 0
Someone should get on that so we can compare notes 0
Maybe they might even lookup the definition of treason someday. 0
I'm guessing nevada and cali 0
Giant Meteor. 0
Our next president. 0
society. 0
I believe it's called campaigning. 0
Yeah no can't correct the record this time 0
Centrist =/= Progressive. 0
Fuckin' wow 0
Clinton and Obama are parasites leeching off every tragedy to force their liberal agenda on the American Public. 0
Grover's Mills 0
Do you live in a swing state? 0
A 4 trillion dollar stimulus? 0
Or punishing you for receiving a blood transfusion 0
Personally as a Jew I fo 0
Wine is even easier! 0
So what makes Sanders not democratic establishment? 0
Do you deny the fact that the democratic platform includes banning the most popular firearm in the nation? 0
How many times this year alone will I have to delete my Facebook account in protest? 0
He needs to go to trial not stop by his vacation home. 0
He's passed more earmarks for his state than anyone. 0
They didn't they hurt themselves. 0
Just remember that non-votes aren't counted. 0
"Why are there so many idiotic ""sign to blah blah"" posts lately?" 0
Trump has always been a Manhattan Liberal up to this Election. 0
Typical! 0
You mean like you like to do? 0
Electors not voting for the winner happens way more often than you think. 0
Amazingly he is achieving that before ever taking office. 0
Why do we keep talking about things that do not matter? 0
Surprising absolutely no one sane. 0
Fantasies can happen! 0
Those state department phones were subsequently hacked. 0
Tired of these scumbags and their corruption destroying this country yet? 0
You mean thread right. 0
Battered Wife Syndrome. 0
I'm just waiting for the Betty White parody... 0
I never thought in the end it would be the Republicans who need safe spaces and trigger warnings. 0
Or maybe it says more about his fans on Reddit. 0
Nothing. 0
Don't debates usually have 3 or 4 moderators? 0
Please don't tarnish the good name of gravy by comparing him to it. 0
Yes it was what I was going for! 0
Learn to read it might help in life 0
It's about the monopoly and Monsanto suing and intimidating farmers who won't buy their seeds. 0
Interesting editorial. 0
I think we can also blame the mainstream media for over dramatizing everything alsways. 0
Pre Snowden term: Conspiracy Theory Post Snowden term: Reality FIFY 0
This guy isn't trump... 0
Hard to be the bigger man when your penis and hands are the size of a toddler's 0
Oh yeah she sucks too 0
This all started *well* before Obama. 0
Gonna need some links and sources on this. 0
Allegedly 0
"""Well it depends on how you define sexual relations""." 0
A class act. 0
If only Obama were a Scotsman. 0
You conveniently left out the fact that secret alliances and a lack of trade also lead to the war. 0
Where do I wipe with my dish towel? 0
They started because of shit FDR tried to pull. 0
And they said government can't create jobs. 0
He knew that. 0
You mean people who have no mathematical chance of winning? 0
But what does Ja Rule think? 0
Shit you're right 0
So we deplorable we elected President Obama twice and we must now be punished for it. 0
You've never heard of swing votes? 0
Jeffersonian Bibles I love those! 0
I would think being a Latino republican would tend to always leave one with a sense of frustration. 0
Their gay porn addiction dooms any filibuster plans to failure. 0
Are you a good man if you see horrible crap happening and you do nothing? 0
We're already halfway there. 0
mix in a healthy dose of binge drinking and we should have a really safe environment 0
And the Etch-a-sketch begins to shake. 0
Username checks out. 0
The Red Queen's Race of government reform. 0
Berdy will get killed in NY primary even if he wins in a debate 0
[citation needed] 0
Which rule(s) were changed? 0
I think you would be surprised by the silent support Trump has in non-white communities... 0
"""NI**ERS"" -Much love HH" 0
"""Increased attempts at a narrative sculpting might be a sign of something but we just... don't... know... what...""" 0
Those salty jimmies have been rustled it seems 0
r/TakeOffYourTinFoilHat 0
Nope I didn't see and I need the long form birth certificate becaue the one Cruz released is a blatant forgery. 0
I'm sure that will go over well. 0
I've lost track of the nations he's beholden to. 0
We point at her and whisper. 0
Bingo 0
Source on that there buddy did you go door to door with a globe and ask where iraq is or you just going off some bs article or are you being prejudice saying Americans don't know geography; something to the kin of mexicans are killers...oh wait mexico is in hell cause the drug dealers are now politicians or have them in their pocket. 0
Schroedinger president Heisenberg VP 0
So many wicked people ruining so much for so many for so little and they will never be punished. 0
Family farms are a thing of the past anyways; a majority of food grown and consumed by Americans is produced by massive agricultural corporations that use assembly line methods in their farms. 0
Sploosh! 0
Letting asinine bs like this dominate the conversation instead of policy has derailed this election cycle. 0
When does the big neon TRUMP sign go up on the white house roof? 0
so how many drug manufacturers are actually located in vermont and as such would fall under this law's impact? 0
What the fuck is a truly libertarian solution? 0
Donald the reality TV star does care about TV ratings. 0
Or Florida or NC or Ohio Lotta states could end his path by 9:01 EST 0
The exuberance is like another Gold Rush for the exploitation of America's last resource: The American dream. 0
Logic checks out. 0
New pope is all about spreading love and joy not doom and gloom. 0
I think we all would. 0
No I wanted him to win the DNC nomination so I didn't have to vote for tiny hands cheeto 0
It happened in the 1968 election. 0
Mods please delete this racist spam. 0
Let them eat cake. 0
You're addicted to it! 0
I feel like most of the fucking electorate needs to understand this concept. 0
Why is Congress overwhelmingly red? 0
I just assumed it was one of those Russian accounts trying to prop up Trump 0
Which party and side wants to do all of that? 0
Lol I wonder what is going through clintons head 0
A lot of people are thinking that. 0
Did O'Reilly acknowledge his major part in our race problem? 0
And those half don't realize/ believe there is a problem with it. 0
...and this bill was intended as a compromise to prevent the Senate from approving a proposed constitutional amendment which would have made a total ban legal. 0
My opinion of this guy has gone completely in the crapper. 0
Thank the gods for little favors. 0
Fortress of Solitude 0
Better put some ice on that. 0
See my edit 0
Kind of a low blow. 0
"""Allergies""" 0
He'll wait until after the Dem convention to hit her hard. 0
Nope 0
You are required to be Transgender for a period no longer than a year. 0
How funny would it be if he activated the Emergency Broadcast Network to tweet something. 0
that and trend lines. 0
Don't forget the Clintonites defending every single thing she does or says like it's impossible for her to do any wrong. 0
Thanks 1%. 0
wish he'd be SoS 0
Holding everyone accountable and not sucking Hillary's cock while spending 55 of 60 minutes talking about what Trump said today. 0
Longest serving independent in congress? 0
Do you really believe that being transgender is a mentally illness? 0
The South was brought to this state by the very policies the Republican Party is now imposing on the rest of the country. 0
And then we'll hear about how the GOP has been pushing for free trade and open borders the last decade 0
We need to shutdown all candies in the USA until we can figure out what is going on. 0
You haven't seen Trump's final form! 0
New Trump Campaign motto? 0
Hell Gary Johnson probably aligns better with progressives at this point than Trump or hillary... 0
She and Trump may wind-up revealing how inept many highly paid CEO's really are. 0
Lmao that's funny 0
Let's confuse this army by creating a fake issue for them to respond to 0
Perfect response. 0
And don't forget she has brain damage from TBI. 0
Its amazing what $6 million can buy. 0
Because people are making laws about it. 0
Nah it's only #6 ...a different Salon article holds the #1 spot. 0
Far right 0
Who decides which is which 0
State's rights at work ladies and gentlemen. 0
Difference between pro-cliton and anti-trump. 0
I guess B is directed more towards looking at your area for each individual issue to determine the most popular rout for each specific topic. 0
Thanks for the permission! 0
WORST Police state EVER 0
What is the lie that he told and what is the evidence that supports the notion he was not telling the truth? 0
So when are you headed there? 0
I'm glad you were amused. 0
I dont think that really matters this year. 0
Don't forget Virginia! 0
"""Everybody else is doing it"" isn't a convincing argument when your opponent isn't doing it." 0
Not anymore! 0
I thought his junk was a blue state. 0
Just like it is now? 0
What' sad to see is that you guys refuse to accept first world gun policy which would save countless lives in america. 0
Give it a minute... 0
That must be why Hillary won in 2008. 0
Who is going to win? 0
Is this the same half that didn't vote? 0
Get your shit together white people. 0
What percentage think he is unqualified because he is just f#@king insane? 0
The fleecing of humanity by banker and statist cartels 0
Denali 0
Why are Republicans so afraid to let people vote? 0
You forgot buzzfeed and Vox. 0
I love that this endorsement is being upvoted more than the CBC endorsement. 0
Trump is Christ! 0
It's a problem we might catch more people? 0
Well that was an intensely dumb article. 0
Ok man :) whatever you say 0
Bet he drops his very own porno....... it'll be..... ummmmmm... yuge-ish... 0
When are you going to acknowledge the fact that Trump is the first President-elect who is openly in favor of same-sex marriage? 0
It's because the Dems are just a more altruistic wing of the Corporate Party (with the Regressives completing the group). 0
Wait until a lot of Sanders supporters decide to rock the boat 0
You're brainwashed. 0
YepYepYeahYep is irrelevant 0
We don't build wind farms because they are incredibly inefficient and devastate the local bird population. 0
Did he win by a 50 point margin? 0
Her voting record disagrees with you. 0
We need to move on to the next Benghazi 2.0 0
worth the risk? 0
Poor Trump can't even handle Megyn Kelly. 0
The UK and Canada are single-payer. 0
Citizens United is what has turn the Dems into a corporate party. 0
The invisible hand is giving most Americans the invisible finger. 0
100% dead or paid off before he can testify. 0
"Can we just stop pretending our ""leaders"" are not bought and paid for by corporations." 0
Ew. 0
I don't trust the Government with anything. 0
Go look at a JEB or Cruz press conference 0
Yes. 0
This is my question. 0
The convention just got a lot less interesting. 0
Avalanche on Bullshit Mountain. 0
FTFY- The top 100 Wikileaks that really don't matter at all 0
Good for the economy at the cost of our health and the environment 0
How about you release a tax plan where you're not massively cutting taxes on high earners then 0
Do you really think the President of the United States would privately support her campaign if he had any reason to believe it would blow up in his face? 0
What's this about Clintons emails? 0
The latter fire the bill as well. 0
Sexism. 0
Will he make all 50? 0
"Donalores Trumbridge: ""I WILL have order!""" 0
She changed my ~~vote~~ mind after discussing the issues 0
Might as well stay bunked. 0
Which is irrelevant when Miami Dade has 2.5 of the 19 million people. 0
Another Republican Party hero who has fallen prey to GOP foot in mouth disease. 0
Senate Votes 96-0 To Audit The Fed **ONCE** FTFY 0
You forgot that she also have stage four Benghazi. 0
Your gaslighting technique is impeccable 0
Do you have a quotable sauce? 0
They were effectively banned from making conclusions that fall on one specific side of the argument. 0
Only if the Democrats don't suicide themselves again by picking their anointed from the get-go instead of letting their base decide. 0
Can we get MOBAMA in 2020 0
Who cares about internet points? 0
So glad to see out media figuring things out hours after they blasted the lie across the page. 0
Giving a damn good speech. 0
Answer the question. 0
"It's a win win if the EC overturns the ""election"" and acts ""undemocratic"" (it's undemocratic that the winner of the popular vote didn't win..) If the EC does their job we get no Trump presidency AND maybe the Republicans would finally be for getting rid of the EC." 0
I was hoping for Sanders. 0
WRONG *sniff* 0
How much did your job depend on capital investment? 0
Source? 0
The republican party could really use a breath of fresh Nixon. 0
Or at least convicted. 0
Who would have known Buzzfeed made quality content. 0
Yep 0
"Lol she's going to give those positions to the highest ""donator"" and you know it" 0
gary johnson 0
Triggered! 0
Yeah =/ That would suck. 0
Its pretty damn snarky and in fact how some states treat voting. 0
"Isnt that where the ""Obama kicks door down"" gif came from?" 0
*What are you a size 14* 0
Then we know the will of the Democratic base. 0
Paging r/nottheonion 0
That must be pretty easy without a spine. 0
Upvote for Bloo 0
Racists didn't even exist before Obama. 0
I would replace Republican with Conservative. 0
Does this mean that he is going to try to rig the elections? 0
Or maybe people upvoting blindly on title don't read the articles and/or participate in the discussion? 0
But both lawyers have to agree on the jury... 0
Don't encourage him. 0
God forbid someone writes an article that paints Saint Bernard in anything other than a positive light. 0
Chess clubs and street gangs have presidents too. 0
Scalia and thomas will likely step down after the next election so that election will impact there replacement. 0
Without a doubt. 0
Is it any different than those politicians who are super anti-gay that almost always end up getting caught with gay porn or some scandal like that? 0
The only one who has made a real racist statement was Sanders about Whites. 0
upvoted for beating me to it. 0
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. 0
Have you been watching the republican candidates? 0
It's about time for MTV's Celebrity Deathmatch to make a return. 0
I don't think that's how it works. 0
The GOP base blew the lid off when Obama was elected. 0
This is the type of reporting that brought us Trump in the first place. 0
lol you go on and believe that 0
Silver Jews are a pretty good band. 0
i'd laugh harder if Sanders endorses Trump. 0
If she is not indicted than she is simply being held to a different set of standards than us. 0
I have faith that America can do whatever they set their minds to. 0
They're probably not happy that he's calling for term limits and reduced pay for congressman 0
'Seem'? 0
Surprise surprise. 0
I think he has Borderline Personality Disorder 0
*patiently waiting for trump to make his rape trial go away with his billions of dollars* 0
Wow Timothy mcveigh was a Muslim! 0
VA care is so bad that I carry my own insurance through work so I don't have to use the VA. 0
An economy in shambles and two wars which the previous administration kept off the books will do that. 0
This was literally me! 0
Brownback's Kansas- a showcase of the great conservative failure. 0
OP seems to believe the solution is more guns. 0
Seems like it goes back to 2002. 0
i would suggest an IQ test and maybe a rorschach inkblot test 0
Paying the poor not to revolt... Real Life: The Movie. 0
don't forget presidential requirements. 0
I want Law and Order...SVU! 0
Now Avery can come back to America and raise Liddy. 0
But note: He is admitting that the Fed Govt _does_ need to oversee some states' voting laws. 0
Republicans didn't need the scare tactic anymore. 0
It's not though 0
Perpetual 'victims'. 0
I guess rich kids don't really mind/care about getting the best education they can get since they can get a small loan from their parents to start their life... 0
Docking 0
They don't have to make it **easy** tho. 0
If the Democrats won't accept Sander's revolution I think the country will accept Trump's. 0
I guess you would be the guy who gets his family killed by trying to go Rambo? 0
What a fucking joke 0
I'm sure she will be president any day now...just have to post this a few more times! 0
that should be required viewing for all government officials 0
Maybe we could at least figure out what exactly it is were looking for proof...of. 0
You can't fix stupid. 0
Excuses 0
He's got a taxpayer subsidized Hotel blocks from the White House he could go to. 0
There's recounts every election just chill 0
Baldwin should create a character where Baldwin is funny... Seriously politics aside SNL is brutal now. 0
Calling Hillary dishonest when Trump is her opponent is like calling Dick Dastardly a jerk when Hitler's standing right next to him. 0
Why would citizens want to lose their right to protect themselves during a time when Islamic terrorists are attacking us within our own shores? 0
Revolution. 0
Lol ok 0
"No matter how good a deal is struck there will always be someone who will hold up ""the perfect"" deal and say we should hold out for it." 0
Oh. 0
I don't think *everyone* involved was proud that day &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; 0
As much as I want McConnell out of the Senate I will genuinely miss Stewart's impression of him when it happens. 0
Cryin' Donald 0
It's the bullshit 0
are you using science to cite that? 0
In 2008 Roberts also said that we would have a nuclear confrontation with Russia over the situation in Georgia and South Ossetia within 2 to 3 years. 0
yes.... :( 0
I strongly dislike Trump but how is he antisemitic? 0
and here we thought there wasn't a bigger liar than donald trump 0
but but ann needs a job 0
It's almost like there also wouldn't be any evidence *if it didn't happen* 0
And its supposed to last all week! 0
Casey was a co-sponsor of PIPA. 0
Probably the pipes in your residence. 0
The law is so broad that they can refuse any marriage as long as they cite 'sincerely held religious beliefs'. 0
I'm still wondering why he hasn't permanently alienated republican men 0
I'm definitely not switching to trump lol 0
unofficial ad by fans 0
Boredom 0
Under performed in swing states. 0
He also voted for the impeachment of Bill Clinton! 0
I've had professors who seem to be the living dead. 0
I think Rand Paul would compete for that title.. 0
Oh I need to looks this up! 0
The red scare? 0
DeBlasio meets the Clinton bus and goes right under the wheels along with the bodies of several young women and a few others the Clintons disposed of. 0
Preempted by HIPPA. 0
Historians will wonder how things would have played out differently had Obama not roasted him at that White House Correspondents Dinner... 0
That's the regressive left for you. 0
Mar 26: 107% April 6: 107% That WI result really turned the race on its head. 0
Taxes on businesses are in reality taxes on the consumers (us) of the goods and services that the businesses provide. 0
I don't like Mitt Romney. 0
Agriculture and Renewable Energy are just two thoughts. 0
What the heck? 0
This is one of the stupider things I've read today. 0
Bud 0
I did not down vote you and I find your lack of initiative consistent with your views. 0
Bernie stepped into a wide open vacuum where a lot of people have been eagerly waiting for politicians to come along and actively court our votes. 0
Clinton says a lot of things. 0
I really see a a big progressive 2020 push. 0
Seems like a first half of the First Amendment issue to me. 0
Yeah good luck there. 0
Trump issues executive order to turn back time 60 years. 0
Sanders endorsing Hillary won't change my mind about her. 0
What's that have to do with the topic at hand? 0
She did win a Republican primary in California before though; the general electorate might hate her but the party electorate apparently don't. 0
The other one I see people hanging on is a vote for anyone but hillary is a vote for trump. 0
Raise the money and recount them then instead of bitching about it on Reddit. 0
Your summary is actually better than WaPo's. 0
state republican parties have enacted laws that will allow the republicans to maintain control of the house for years to come so I wouldn't be so confident they will lose their seats 0
And they aren't even a race. 0
The entire lineup is delusional. 0
This from the party of limited government and state rights ... lets expand government over reach and piss on states who have already spoken with a clear voice! 0
Did Geico ask why you were canceling? 0
kekt 0
But it's not enough to move away from reliable energy. 0
They must also be aware of what happens when you eat the seed corn. 0
Let's not pretend that DWS and Donna Brazile tipping the scales for Clinton isn't just scratching the surface of what was going on behind the scenes. 0
You okay? 0
"""Binda's fulla bitches"" would probably be more appropriate for the uncensored version." 0
No one cares what Donald's girlfriend has to say. 0
Are you trying to change my beliefs to your own? 0
Source? 0
Now pardon me while I scat. 0
Ryan has no one to blame but himself. 0
MOnstrously Bigoted Yuge DICKs. 0
Is it bad that we are willing to negotiate? 0
I think a significant amount would be against spending their tax dollars on other people. 0
Your comment couldn't be further from reality. 0
Headline two words too long 0
"Less treasonist than calling on the ""2nd amendment folks"" because they dont believe in our Democracy and seem to enjoy being Russian puppets." 0
That was thirty years ago... 0
Let's shit on the comedienne for making jokes. 0
It's a shame it had to go that far before people started listening. 0
I like the way to think too. 0
Same here... such a shame I have to vote against my beliefs just because I consider women to be people. 0
...and we have hats! 0
in the membrane 0
Morning after pills terminate zygotes. 0
Here 0
It can be if we make it so... We have it in our power to begin the world over again. 0
Same 0
"""I believe he meant..."" Trump '16 New slogan." 0
Third party has a shot at getting funded next election not reliving the 2000 election. 0
"What black person wouldn't want to vote for Hillary ""Super predator detector"" Clinton" 0
Aren't some of our weapons systems being used by the same? 0
Plus he gets free shipping. 0
Even a bigger issue. 0
There is a billionaire and multi-millionaire running for president... I wonder who is winning this match up.... 0
In a similar survey 72% of Native Americans think things have been worse since the 1750s 0
They assumed the president wasn't lying about WMD. 0
I can't tell if the parts of his face not covered in skin are real. 0
How can I not buy this book now. 0
Federal funds for the bill would be sourced from a new tax that Sanders referred to as a Wall Street speculation fee to be imposed on Wall Street investment firms and hedge funds. 0
Planned Parenthood doesn't have the equipment to perform mammograms... 0
Third world here we come. 0
You know how I know you don't understand polls? 0
CWA endorsed Bernie last year 0
That's his twin brother. 0
Read freakanomics for more on this 0
Actually it looks to be only one side at the moment 0
The correct recourse world be to remove him from the flight and perhaps ban him from flying on the airline in the future 0
So who will you be voting for in 2012? 0
Whoa baby 0
Green Climate Fund. 0
Umm I live in Venice and spend 50% of my income on rent for a bachelor with no stove... Where can I get this 30% apartment? 0
The audacity is amazing. 0
Apparently not to the silver spoon fraternity... 0
The Republican president elect is a yelling bigot; yelling bigots are real Republicans. 0
It's gonna make all the other rallies look like total losers. 0
I watched Russell Simmons on CNN this morning saying that eating meat is what has caused global warming and that if we continue to eat meat we'll end the world in the next few decades... Bernie is better off without him. 0
Like father like son. 0
ad hominem.. 0
Don't mention facts you sexist! 0
'This' happens to be a fairly moderate-Republican policy. 0
Stop resisting my beating... stop resisitng my killing you. 0
Still full of facts and links? 0
How fifth grade of him. 0
Aliens 0
"HAHA - When Helicopter Ben says ""you have lost your economic mind"" Laugh your fecking ass off." 0
Maybe Caitlyn Jenner 0
This is completely wrong. 0
It's timed to the immunity because the one getting immunity is divulging information... *this* information... now. 0
if your professor gets his economic advice from a robert heinlein book you should reconsider what he taught you. 0
You sure do lol alot 0
How is this allowed in modern day politics? 0
Maybe we should consult with our ally France about letting up against ISIS or not. 0
To return what? 0
Do you feel media has a responsibility in a democracy? 0
Who said either of those things? 0
embarrassing that you took the time to type that out. 0
Cos they can't see past their own noses. 0
Do some research with an open mind and find out for yourself if you believe the holocaust happened. 0
I don't think letting a man like Sadam Hussein continue to rule Iraq would have been a good idea either. 0
Watch the video. 0
No 0
- or both? 0
Ooooh I member 0
They're very quick to remove threads but it doesn't seem to be pro any candidate based on that sticky. 0
Case study: Donald Trump 0
Trump would grab something else..... 0
The sub will always be pro-someone so Gary's a good choice. 0
There's no interest among the populace either. 0
...that she never mentioned until Bernie put it out there for her to gauge its popularity 0
It contains opposite research on some Republican Congressmen apparently. 0
Bingo 0
While praying something horrible happens that everyone can blame on the black guy? 0
A bit of the wording is awkward... but otherwise I think this could connect :P 0
You have a very good imagination little boy 0
How can he find the time between all of the TV appearances? 0
Almost half the population of those states voted against Trump. 0
True libertarians know that voting won't ever change the system. 0
Not in the pocket of the wealthy elite... 0
True 0
Trump will be surprised 0
Is that a euphemism for something? 0
And Hillary was there for the Oligarchy. 0
Doesn't trump want to put an end to this? 0
Looks like a good reason not to vote for any Republican. 0
Polls consistently show that Sanders has a better chance of winning an election than Hillary. 0
What would you say was the strongest concrete economic action taken by Hitler? 0
Most of the regretful Trump supporters so far have cancer or chronic illness and realize they will lose their health insurance next year. 0
There is no orange teletubby lol 0
What emails did Clinton send? 0
is ignorance as blissful as they say? 0
lol. 0
Thanks! 0
Dem Congressman dutifully promotes official DNC talking points. 0
The only memory I will ever have of Chafee is what BadLipReading did with him on their Democratic Debate video. 0
Not with a corrupt Justice Department. 0
Frybread or Naan? 0
Mitt has allows tried to buy loyalty with money but in elections people vote not cronies. 0
Republicans will keep searching for evidence to support their allegations agianst Hillary until they find some or the 2016 election: whichever comes first. 0
He failed but he sure tried to make Obama a one term president. 0
What a delightfully empty gesture 0
Why doesn't she go there herself? 0
He should be more concerned about the crimes committed on Wall Street over the past decade. 0
At least someone's having fun tonight. 0
I would save a bit on health insurance. 0
Petitions don't matter. 0
No one ever lost money betting on the stupidity of the American public. 0
You don't get to call *anyone* a criminal until they are convicted by a court of law. 0
When you call everything corruption you lose sight of what the meaning of corruption is. 0
Stay still and it will all be over soon... 0
It's funny that you would use those generalisations and assume that all leftists are liberals when in fact it would probably be mostly socialists and communists that would happily go up against fascists. 0
Same here but those muscles sure are getting tired. 0
Anarchy in relation to a government's relation to the economy/corporations was what I assumed we were talking about. 0
Still waiting 0
Many of those states don't have the money to do that. 0
I can't believe how bad bernie got schlonged. 0
In the spirit of bipartisanship the republican congress rejects our president's budget! 0
There is a big difference between 'you are contractually obligated to lose weight' and calling somebody Mrs piggy. 0
Cue Celine Dion 0
Trump is a joke of a candidate. 0
It would be a violation of his parole. 0
Except for the government telling the doctor how much he can charge or telling the patient how much he has to save. 0
something something mercerism. 0
Trump supporters have no decency or patriotism. 0
Hard to have dialogue when your primary opponents refuse to debate you. 0
SO confused... can I still hate assholes or not? 0
Don't expect a Trump supporter to understand. 0
Fair and I bet if he would have included a classified piece separately in the email he could get the entire email blocked from public release 0
That's not what this is about. 0
At least we still got our porn. 0
We don't want the American people to actually see their elected representatives working.... 0
Cheney needs to be handed over to the court at the Hague for crimes against humanity. 0
Who's seriously suggesting the annihilation of Israel in the West? 0
and MY AXE 0
Neither does Trump. 0
It would take away from his 50 state sweep though... 0
They pick candidates that they think can win. 0
Who is Tom Brady and why should i care who he votes for? 0
It is easy not to lie when you take all stances on an issue! 0
I could be wrong but that seemed pretty sarcastic 0
I thought reddit loved her? 0
"""Finish him!""" 0
Time for Alison to run him over! 0
Got a link on that please? 0
They might as well be given they are a part of a duopoly on the government. 0
The wrong group to have in your court since like 10% of them actually vote. 0
Scares the shit outta me 0
My grandfather is dead. 0
"would that be like ""special elections""?" 0
If you were talking wealth then 95 to 98 percent of the nations wealth. 0
It's like people expect a sitting president to be able to dedicate as much time to campaigning as a technically unemployed man. 0
That would actually cost more... kickers don't come cheap. 0
Or he'll put up with your shit in an effort to save his senate seat and never really stand up to you until it's too late? 0
Share yours? 0
~~If I was tom Brady~~ I would lie about voting if I actually voted trump. 0
As a native Kentuckian I know this all to well :/ 0
Depends who she can blackmail or not 0
It was there. 0
So it's cool with you that Trump wants to torture people and deport Muslims? 0
It's not humanly possible to be as mature as you. 0
More likely ignore and cry into a pillow 0
What if we agree not to look at them and continue to pretend that he is actually a businessman and actually a billionaire and actually competent. 0
...while falling from an 18 to a 21 point deficit. 0
if you don't want to talk about treason find another thread 0
Neither of which has anything to do with abortion 0
And you are definitively an asshole 0
Shit Paul Ryan says should become a sub :) 0
Exactly the support bernie would have with biden and warren in the race. 0
Thank Jeremy Hammond. 0
You are still playing false equivalency games comparing what Hillary did to what Bush did. 0
You'll get ridiculed on here too 0
Weren't the San Bernardino shooters referred to as anything but Muslim until it was impossible to speculate otherwise? 0
The Bush Administration could have saved us upwards of a trillion dollars by not lying us into the Iraq War. 0
"Is the word ""seriously"" hard to spell?" 0
Sour grapes from candidates polling in single digits. 0
you mean he wont need his anger translator anymore? 0
Your comment is a disaster :) I mean it could be vastly improved. 0
Swing and a miss. 0
Nor is a closed border 0
Sounds like someone is afraid of the debates. 0
They are claiming the requirement to cover contraception is a violation of their (the employers') First Amendment right to free except side of religion. 0
Smear train... is that what we're calling the truth these days? 0
Upvote for *Horrible* 0
thats how at least 75% of legislation gets passed 0
more expensive and more difficult. 0
No it's like voting for Kim Jong Un because it's either him or vote for Hitler. 0
News Max is offended that the CA AG wants the government to know who is buying the politicians and peddling influence. 0
"Reminds me of ""sclerotic"" in The West Wing." 0
Maybe when the vast majority of Christians stop being bigots? 0
You obviously have an agenda with your comments... but fund raising is an essential part of a presidential candidate's campaign unless you're willing to say outrageous statements everyday that the reality TV crowd is willing to eat up. 0
With or without lube Huck? 0
Only the same magic that has kept you or I out of jail. 0
IANAL thats probably akin to hiring a hitman 0
Whole load of shit about The Jews. 0
No it didn't. 0
He should hire people with degrees 0
Somehow everyone who interacts with him seems to forget that Trump is expert at telling everyone what they want to hear. 0
That makes a disturbing amount of sense. 0
Is it true that life starts after I bust a nut? 0
So as usual it's up to the swing voters. 0
Trump kicked a baby out of rally moments after telling mother he liked its crying. 0
it's a case of not putting his money (not voting) where his mouth (kneeling protest) was. 0
Or it is really bad and they are waiting for her to get the nomination and then unleashing it to destroy her chances. 0
So much better in fact that I'd vote for dead Hillary before I would vote for alive Hillary. 0
Since your comment was actually upvoted I am going to assume that CTR funding has been yanked from Clinton's campaign? 0
Begging the question doesn't mean what you think it means. 0
"Why is it I keep seeing ""uneducated whites"" but have never seen ""uneducated (any other race)""?" 0
Many people claim to be voting for Trump for exactly that reason. 0
When they said they'd vote against Hillary if she got the Democratic nomination. 0
I love the hypothetical game 0
Unless you think the behind-the-scenes guys are smart enough to know that fielding lunatic fringe candidates means that everyone compromises by moving further to the right. 0
You must be proud your state is standing up for economic and political equality for all. 0
The same white people who died by the hundreds of thousands to fight the south and end slavery? 0
To me personally a repealed ACA is huge. 0
Jeerrrrbs! 0
He called Afghanistan a Crusade... 0
(He won't). 0
Its local news when it should be a big story. 0
I think that some Internet posts say that Obama is a secret Muslim atheist as well. 0
I feel honored. 0
Because they are paid. 0
Can someone please explain to me why this is a problem? 0
you're literally just making things up and thats pretty funny 0
Definitely angers me. 0
The second amendment has absolutely nothing to do with hunting. 0
When will the GOP announce that the minority outreach is officially over? 0
"Uncomfortable with the ""direction"" aka landslide victory for trump" 0
I agree. 0
"Did she call it a ""heebie jobbie"" in the process?" 0
"She just said she liked Obama's policies but that she would ""take them further""" 0
I dunno if these are merely 'hecklers' 0
At least they're in same century this time. 0
Also known as Pennsyltucky. 0
Imagine if FDR owned a hotel in Germany in the 30s 0
I hope the media has the good sense to cut to commercial if Trump starts going off during his concession speech. 0
You mean you can't trust a medical doctor who doesn't believe in evolution? 0
Their position on the Panama papers told me all I need to know about wikileaks. 0
They could have been a bad shot and hit even more people... 0
Lol. 0
The dictators have common sense Trump is a fucking moron That's the difference 0
wonder what the penalty of pepper spraying this particular officer would be.... 0
Which news outlet would you prefer? 0
The NV caucus was extremely shady. 0
This is what traditionally is referred to as an ad-hominen attack 0
Ironic considering Bernie joined the Democratic Party to even have a remote shot. 0
I'm sure Hillary is giving him a run for his money. 0
I Bet about a month from now data will show us that Bernie actually won Iower 0
Sources close to me are saying... *sniff* 0
"It's more ""why must people-man or woman-having to pay for someone else's abortion?""" 0
"Don't know what they're teaching you in middle school these days but let me help clarify: ""Puerto ricans are lazy"" = bigot ""The assailants in this case were black"" = not a bigot" 0
I'm sure the reasons have been leaking to the public... 0
That asshole grades on a curve. 0
"Why doesn't this article have the word ""hypocrisy"" in it?" 0
I came to the same thought. 0
Somehow I don't think the majority of the population supports the repeal of the second amendment... Nice try though. 0
His civics teacher was Alex Jones. 0
How will they look back on the right playing sex police? 0
FoxNews is saying what the fundies want to hear. 0
"Calling something an ""expired tax cut"" does not change the fact that it is a tax increase." 0
Well somebody seems to be embracing whatever it is Trump is pushing already... so it doesn't have to be Stalin 2.0 0
No problem. 0
Why do these folks hate and consciously break American laws? 0
Acting as if people were coerced into voting for her... 0
The over 40% of the remaining voters might want to vote... 0
"Its code for ""I have mental health issues""" 0
I'm guessing cause he actually doesn't comment about ongoing investigations? 0
"""Higher Education"" - classic" 0
Believe what? 0
Don't forget the liberal gay frog agenda. 0
"Its a really shitty comparison that was designed to get people on your side not bc its right but bc of the shock of oh no i wouldn't want to bomb poor people"" Its the same thing when people start godwinning the argument." 0
And Hillary Clinton still hasn't had a press conference herself. 0
*Appointed by Bush 0
Bernie bros were really good at upvoting though! 0
The only place I actually see any of that being reported is when police officers attempt to expose corrupt policy handed down by the politicians in charge. 0
But but but r/politics told me Obama is the savior of mankind :( 0
Petty shit like this takes away from the real argument for not opening up to Cuba. 0
ill suck you off for just one semester. 0
FPTP FTW 0
Ted Cruz will shut down Government to stop refugees. 0
50 of them were even eligible to vote! 0
Can they get the goddamned orders right once in awhile? 0
Someone else could conceivably win 0
I wonder what dank memes they use on that forum. 0
They seem very emotional to me. 0
I thought Clinton raised money for the DNC 0
"""data driven""" 0
Kind of like how a microphone turns lots of normal people into total assholes. 0
Then why oppose statistical research into gun violence? 0
The first sentence confirms it's propaganda. 0
"Next article: ""I am Ngo Dinh Diem's Pancreas.""" 0
He flies coach. 0
Probably Pierce is much richer. 0
Even under Hillary it's being projected to dip 0
Apparently from what I have heard there's a special place in hell for you because you're not helping another woman 0
The Hillary Mafia. 0
Meth: maybe just once? 0
she should be deported. 0
The shrieking lady in the audience. 0
CNN and MSNBC: Twitterdee and Twitterdum 0
Something we we all wish for ourselves. 0
DAE Bernie Sanders? 0
According to Trump's campaign chairman it never actually happened. 0
Bernie wants to make this happen. 0
Hitler also threw rallies. 0
Take his coat 0
It's a very archaic system that dates back to WW2 when wage caps were in place so employers had to entice employees with job benefits ie health insurance. 0
I think you're missing his point. 0
You got any of that proof of intent on your claim that Comey is trying to influence the election? 0
i hope someone challenge's hillary's name on the ballot and they both get booted and some random no name like a vermin supreme wins the district. 0
Obama got involved in Scottish and British politics. 0
Salma Hayek was the one donating to charity that day. 0
When has the US been involved before other than the 1st Gulf War? 0
Head to head. 0
I think the invisible chair is an excellent representation for the values and promises the GOP will bring if elected. 0
The judge should be made to answer for his decision to suppress the Motion. 0
He went to Mexico to talk to illegal immigrants? 0
That (C) is the classified marking that she has so much trouble recognizing. 0
What did they say? 0
And then they actually claimed that the comments were largely pro-Trump and that reddit admins had shut down the comment section to censor them. 0
It would actually be good if they said that. 0
Seconded. 0
Actually I'm more willing to roll the dice and shake shit up than accept more of the same. 0
I guess I don't get how two private organizations can even be allowed to influence a public office like they are in the first place. 0
Where did this statistic come from? 0
Have they demanded that all copies on the interweb tubes be deleted yet? 0
I thought he wanted to abolish 5? 0
Sadly Sanders (actually representing a threat to corporate superpowers) is uniting the super wealthy on both sides of the isle toe shre anyone but him wins. 0
I would expect more Republicans to return than Bernie supporters to their respective parties 0
Having Ohio and Florida rule over the country is somehow better? 0
Obama is going to veto this right? 0
So it's the FBI Director's job to atone for the rhetoric of the Republican nominee? 0
Yeah even my facebook feed full of college kids hasn't seen hide nor hair of this nonsense. 0
Good thing you're a decade away from even being able to vote. 0
It's CAPPED at $250M. 0
You mean Carlos Danger? 0
How are his family values more important than everyday Americans'? 0
"Well I'll respect their right to rule this country if they ""grow in number"" enough to actually give their candidate more votes than his opponent." 0
I believe Mass fills vacancies by special election... 0
x 0
What horrible track record? 0
This is why there are record number of heroine ODs in Boston and Vermont. 0
So you believe a liar would only lie to someone else but never you? 0
She is not the only one he will be debating. 0
White Pajama Bottoms? 0
"Will be the first time the losing party begins its state of the Union response with ""we have just served the new President her impeachment papers""" 0
Also united to trash America and its elections. 0
False equivalence 0
Then why are republicans electing racists and anti-science nut jobs to represent them? 0
Or they just stop replying. 0
how so? 0
Happy Cake Day. 0
Are you in a swing state? 0
That is a laughably unreasonable opinion and bears no resemblance to anything I'm saying. 0
Pretty sure that the President ten years ago is no longer in office 0
A genius con man to say the least. 0
"He's surrounding himself with the biggest morons in the ""Establishment""." 0
The part with the rentacop is the best. 0
Keep digging 0
Reddit is about to have a new hero 0
Sunday School is not seven days a week. 0
The Indian? 0
He is far more suited to the latter. 0
That didn't answer my question in the slightest bit... 0
And the timing of the legislation was just coincidental? 0
Start with your house hot shot. 0
The Boy Who Cried Wolf 0
FEEL THE FUCKING BERN! 0
"The fact that any part of our really short constitution can be called ""obscure"" is a comment on our collective intelligence." 0
You're living in the right country for that belief. 0
You live a sad life then. 0
I'm not convinced that votes for other candidates are wasted in the way I believe you mean it. 0
Average donation to Sanders is around $30... 0
Pretty sure Kellyanne is a Feral Ghoul. 0
Remember Berine is doing an IAMA today Let's all go and let the lords of money know we approve of his ideas. 0
I don't expect much from government. 0
Would it be a khan if he was? 0
thanks Clinton. 0
Again? 0
It's perfectly cromulent! 0
Because Obama said we need to look forward and not back then let Bush get away with it? 0
Quality answer. 0
Be the first one on your block to have your boy come home in a box. 0
AFAIK IN the USA that's because politicians are supposed to be crooks. 0
They did it a long time before Carson was a candidate. 0
Sarah Palin would have said it. 0
"probably not as much as obama ""owed"" iraq..." 0
Neither was swift boating Kerry 0
They'd likely praise him for being 'strong' and 'assertive' and 'sticking up for what he believes'. 0
Okay thanks. 0
I heard a rumor that the mods of r/politics are facing indictment 0
We just enjoy the finer things in life here in jersey 0
Preisdent Trump will make the correct choice for the SC 0
lazy entitled bullshit 0
I guess he's banned from Planet Fitness 0
Or Senate races 0
Does this mean when she gets elected that we'll have four new supreme court justices? 0
Gotta love the strawman. 0
Well the efficiency of division of labor means that one person can't possibly do more on their own than they could do as part of a group. 0
Congress de facto banned the CDC from researching guns and gun use. 0
is this the gay one? 0
Riggity Riggity REKT son 0
Then where did you get the lying talking point that our successful stimulus programs didn't work? 0
His argument is that anything short of death camps doesn't count as racism. 0
Trump refuses to face reality about _______ 0
Didnt Obama have his little talk with him? 0
I imagine every time she tries to she's likely overcome by a debilitating nosebleed and acute tinitinitis 0
ITT: People who have never worked in government military sales or export controls. 0
Nippy. 0
Over taken by russian trolls ramping up their efforts for the last week 0
I think that's actually 13 but can't give them too much flak given how hard it is to keep track at this point 0
There are tons of apps that track food truck locations. 0
ha good one 0
The polls since Monday are just not looking great for him. 0
but did they invent freedom? 0
Both parties splitting would be amazing for the country 0
Robert Reich has got The Reich Stuff. 0
When a well off person complains about things being rough(hard work) race has nothing to do with it. 0
So when can we expect George W Bush and Obama to be arrested and brought to the Hauge? 0
I'm surprised he's still writing after Mike Florio took him apart. 0
Not all Trump supporters are white nationalists but all white nationalists are Trump supporters. 0
K 0
How dare those damn sluts get health insurance! 0
exactly! 0
Interesting how Hilary is expected to contend with her husband's faults. 0
No they don't help equally but the solution isn't to throw the whole Union out. 0
like his endorsement actually helped her. 0
I own a tank. 0
"If the ""fucking back"" last more than 4 hours please contact your doctor or seek emergency medical attention." 0
Out of sight out of mind for most people 0
Something Comey and the media did their very best to encourage. 0
I'm with you. 0
They also I have something serious to protect 0
Free trade is piracy on the American worker. 0
Its OK when they do it. 0
Honestly what the hell is this comment? 0
He did cross his fingers though. 0
You are unfathomably dumb. 0
After this election the next challenge for the Clinton family will be to figure out how to make Chelsea the heir to Bernie Sanders. 0
But they are white. 0
I'm waiting for scandal when she was in elementary school. 0
Thanks for the education. 0
Oh I thought you were trying to say conservatives are who gave us national parks because it doesn't mention that in the first few paragraphs. 0
I got to watch her speak and I'm not a 'rich fuck' 0
Good luck with that. 0
Just what do you think the message is? 0
Georgia 0
Over the last edge for Putin's Russia means nukes falling. 0
At least none of my friends like this page. 0
That's the point. 0
How so? 0
Vote Cthulhu! 0
You are welcome. 0
That awkward moment when he tells the truth that people aren't supposed to know about. 0
Many people never have which is why the outrage isn't greater. 0
Trump it is then. 0
But only on luxury and sports cars... 0
Tell that to the DNC who is funding agitators to start fights at Trump rallies. 0
It is like comparing 1 homicide with 10 homicides 0
Yeah --- LGBT will totally be better under Clinton whom takes vast amounts of pay to play money from Middle Eastern countries that want gays dead. 0
Idk about you but I have health care... 0
You mean the environment in which the only thing that matters is making money and not what other people think ignore political leaders? 0
thats funny. 0
that's some wild imagination. 0
He'll have to stop ignoring math pretty soon. 0
Pathetic. 0
Committees are the duct tape of the corrupt. 0
They'll blame the immigrants of course. 0
Well said 0
That and only being able to get an erection from the thought of death squads bashing the skulls of indigenous Central Americans with hammers. 0
so does repeating right wing memes ;) 0
"any ""leftward"" talk from Clinton is just that" 0
you're comparing revenue with asset base. 0
You should report them to INS and ICE. 0
They are too far gone up their butt holes to be able to understand the truth. 0
It's (pairing Trump supporters with racism) is just kind of a silly and self defeating thing to do. 0
And I don't believe that Sanders can follow through on his promises. 0
go ahead and down vote this and defend your candidate's right to attack the opponent's wife. 0
Was there ever a time not to take Sanders seriously? 0
"It's sad that our ""justice system"" revolves around slave labor." 0
A lot harder to rig a caucus without people knowing. 0
I verbify any word if I want to. 0
It literally was a political maneuver with no legal effect. 0
Some of the replies I've been getting have been making me think otherwise 0
No but calling a person a terrorist because just they are Muslim absolutely IS racist. 0
You are literally arguing with a definition. 0
We also need to stop waging war on our citizenry. 0
You do that then you wind up with girls in the south that need to go a LOOOONG way to get to a state where they can get an abortion. 0
"my wife is small framed at 5'4"" 125 and she can handle a 12 gauge quite nicely with only casual practice trap and skeet." 0
She should probably try running for a realistic office first. 0
Where's that blasted job cannon... 0
My point exactly. 0
"The Clintons are American royalty in the same way Elvis is ""the king""." 0
You mean the one that was released? 0
Free Speech doesn't apply when you don't like what they are saying eh? 0
Like you let Obama get on with his life after he was elected? 0
I think your right in that regard. 0
"And *Donald* ***""I love war/ I'll Bomb the shit out of them/ Why don't we attack first""*** *Trump* isn't?" 0
"The only bigots at that rally were the ones yelling ""n****er lover"" and ""white apologists"" at the anti-Trump protesters." 0
whatever happened to those 200 generals or whomever trump said was gonna endorse him at the debate? 0
I hope Bernie saying that his supporters are too smart to vote for a bigot is true... 0
Source? 0
The problem is that nobody gives a shit about history. 0
H.R.6792 - Veterans Physical Therapy Services Improvement Act of 2008 110th Congress (2007-2008) Maybe a rider? 0
Hillary is evergreen and Chelsea is energy. 0
Like we complain about Fox News but this is honestly much worse lol. 0
I'd say corruption is an issue. 0
"""Extremely Careless"" 2016" 0
I can't see how the two most hated candidates to ever get nominated will even break 50 million votes in Nov. 0
Abraham Mark Twain Enstein Luther King Lincoln Jr. 0
Lot of trouble with white supremacists shooting up white churches is there? 0
Let us always remember Maher is just a fucking comedian...nothing more. 0
Because they used facts and got the wrong answer! 0
Rubbing raw chicken on your vagina is vaginay nit ballsy 0
I feel like something happened about 9 months into 2001 that maybe took precedence over everything else in the world... What was it.... 0
Nice 0
Considering it's a gun site (glocktalk.com) it's not that off mark... fox is the only channel that isn't rabidly anti-gun... 0
ISIS is fucking insane and wants to kill and/or rape anyone not ISIS. 0
Don't forget the guns...and you'll always have Benghazi to fall back on. 0
Al-Luna 0
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH Salt futures are through the roof folks! 0
Waking up and feeling like a million bucks must suck for a billionaire. 0
so if Mattis disagreed with things Trump has already said you would defer to Mattis' judgement? 0
But she will run against her own father? 0
That sounds like a solution. 0
As a republican... I fucking cringed 0
we were jk 0
I think they've given up on trying to silence this one. 0
You have no way of knowing that. 0
You keep saying your a former trump supporter but your entire post history says otherwise. 0
sociopaths don't feel shame. 0
The puppet needs know what the puppet master wants him to do. 0
So by your line of reasoning former Illinos governor Roe Blagojevich is worse than Hitler because he tried to sell a Senate seat but wasn't a racist? 0
"What a terrible ""fact check.""" 0
as a Democrat this is the saddest and weirdest end to an election I can imagine 0
How much would you pay me to stop living like a ferengi? 0
I thought Bloomberg was an independent? 0
Hillary Clinton is YOUR next President of the United States of America! 0
It is propaganda. 0
"""Leaked document shows the DNC wanted Clinton from start"" ""Also in other news splashing water on things makes them wet and exposure to the sun has been linked to skin cancer!""" 0
McCain is trying to save his senate spot and Arizona is a trump state. 0
can't imagine if that happened like that it would be good for the Democratic party in the election. 0
Fuck Bernie. 0
"It's so funny to watch people argue with terms like ""profits the accounts of the 1%"" without having clue how the economy works." 0
Romney lied almost every sentence. 0
Nothing emotional about knowing when there is blatant bias in a supposedly non biased forum. 0
The presidency is just one small piece of what the party tries to accomplish...they don't really care as long as the money keeps coming in. 0
I've never seen a hotel with metal detectors. 0
You can't even read the full text of the TPP becuase it is illegal to publish. 0
Didn't Sandy also join up with a big storm front that was crossing the northeast around the same time? 0
Yes ! 0
*PLEASE* 0
Administrator in chief doesn't have the same ring to it though. 0
"""to warrant major disaster assistance under this Act""" 0
I don't get why a charity accepting foreign money is a problem though. 0
What does it say about their character if that rhetoric is ultimately empty when they abandon it when not on the campaign trail? 0
Democrats in down-ticket races face the wrath of a Clinton White House if Sanders stumps for them now. 0
You have become quite the right-wing apologist here. 0
"I think you and I have different views as to what constitutes ""putting my life at risk because of their own actions""." 0
No I have 1 point 0
Cheney belongs in prison. 0
The newest and greatest is her idea to bring Snowden home (that's fine) and make him part of her cabinet (that's just plain silly.) 0
The teacher saw the shooter...rushed kids from playground. 0
Because most votes on the left fail to show up at mid-term elections (or make the perfect the enemy of the good) 0
Lol 0
Who has Milo killed? 0
"Is ""optics"" a progressive dog-whistle that sounds like ""we know it's not racist but there's angle there so let's exploit it""?" 0
# #TeamRNC 0
Thanks Obama! 0
It would surprise me if they didn't! 0
If ya wanna learn to code you better learn to bracket. 0
She looks like my old Ford Bronco. 0
But what does Fatboy Slim think? 0
Many would say the Democratic party alienating undecided voters by electing someone so caught up in scandal and unfavorable as Hillary Clinton is the height of irresponsibility and ignorance. 0
"Our ""taxes"" go to unregulated insurance companies and we dont even get much in return except the highest pharmaceutical costs in the world" 0
Bernie used his campaign email list to launch an organization called Our Revolution which is no doubt collecting monthly contributions from a number of people (myself included) 0
Just think if they store their data on Hillary's server they can always ask wikileaks for it down the road! 0
I bet his risotto recipe is absolute garbage. 0
"""I owe my friends the arms dealers a favor uh-kay?""" 0
Don't stop him he's on a roll. 0
Be careful not to cut yourself on that edge there. 0
7 delegates each though 0
And they have taken a turn towards tea party extremes in australia too. 0
once the GOP ceases to be a political party. 0
You just proved u/mongocleave's point. 0
Same margin 0
We have a state designated for thoughtless Republican ideas... it's called Kansas. 0
Agreed 0
But this misses the point: The rich own/control *both* political parties *and* the mass media that report on these issues. 0
Word on the webs says 50k+ people. 0
I (I think luckily) missed that story. 0
Warren and Sanders can do more in the Senate especially if the Dems take back the Senate then if either one was VP. 0
*You're* a towel. 0
Hahahahahahahahaha so anti-establishment folks 0
This cannot be emphasized enough 0
I wish I could get on that jury. 0
I would laugh my ass off if he pardoned 11 million undocumented immigrants. 0
Hilldog is Feel'n The Bern! 0
try 4chan 0
You really aren't paying attention or reading between the lines then if you think it's been going exactly the same as 2008 0
Haters gonna hate. 0
Piers Morgan should fuck off before America pays Jeremy Clarkson to sock him again. 0
She could grind him into the ground OR get to a safe win and spend the rest of the warchest on downballot races. 0
They need it to fully watch the show for the next 4 years. 0
Damn -- you guys are mean. 0
Did they use a truck scale? 0
How the fuck does anyone know their cousin's spouse's uncle? 0
Would you care to elaborate? 0
*moves like a bitch* 0
"Those terms are very thinly veiled code words for ""not white""" 0
I feel Johnson being on every states ballot is enough. 0
republicans flipped their shit because 1 day in 8 years he wore a tan suit. 0
"Quick public service announcement: seeing the word ""stolen"" in a topic is a 100% accurate way of identifying a shitpost." 0
She's lucky Trump is the opposition 0
Want to tell the class when the last time the Earth got this warm was? 0
Completely repugnant. 0
Being forced to provide testimony against yourself violates the 5th amendment. 0
Scumbag 0
Soros and the other subversive mofos 0
Sad and true :( 0
Show me evidence like we've seen against Hillary. 0
There is some repair the documentation close and around the internet. 0
Well.... lol 0
I was just pointing out that using the Time Person of the Year choice to connect Trump and Hitler is tremendously illogical and silly. 0
Sure thing Alt_4_Whitey 0
"I'm not surprised that the Washington elite (R &amp; D) would rather the ""One of Us"" candidate over the ""Outsider""." 0
you mean like how the Republicans spent 8 years claiming Obama wasnt born here and then claiming he should be impeached? 0
Was nuking japan a mistake? 0
Do you want an apology even though it's still bullshit? 0
Romney should just save himself and try again in 2020. 0
Is no one else slightly terrified that Trump can tweet and cause stocks to drop at will? 0
But that insight requires a certain degree of political savvy. 0
Here is a scary thought on Obama: Eric Holder for Supreme Court 0
Pretty sure the party of no is the Republicans 0
It's Scalia &amp; Thomas that have politicized their opinions in the past. 0
Imagine the conspiracy theories if Obama had done the same. 0
can we have a late term abortion of the nominee? 0
I'm all for gay marriage but marriage between a human and an android is an abomination. 0
I honestly don't know if he'd know the difference 0
"Probably die from ""pneumonia"" 6 months into her first term." 0
At least he doesn't need a teleprompter. 0
Exit polls are about the only way to match the vote to the count. 0
Do you also consider Clintons base to be submissive authoritarians? 0
Eisenhower warned us. 0
no one is forcing you to work for them or buy their products 0
The fact that she didn't have a choice is even worse to be honest. 0
dude is little more than a rich *kid* 0
lol like he would know. 0
What I want to know is what they're going to do with government after they drown it in the bathtub? 0
Too bad we can't drop all of this subsidy horseshit. 0
And then my heart died a little. 0
To be fair most people here are just making jokes about his career or his endorsement of Venezuela. 0
Why the fuck is Bilbo Salvation doing a town hall in Wisconsin? 0
101 upvotes 152 downvotes It was positive when I linked it. 0
And nowhere in that process was he proven guilty. 0
Maybe. 0
did you see pictures of Treyvon's dead body after the conflict? 0
Which state doesn't get cancer? 0
Swing that purse teabagger. 0
And who can forget - paradise by the Muslim internment camp lights 0
I wouldn't imagine that Clinton had much campaign data on the DNC servers... I'd think she'd be doing it all in-house or via David Brock's Super PAC. 0
what rule? 0
Breaking: States with more than just uneducated white men becoming a problem for Trump. 0
So where can I get my bear arms? 0
He doesn't need to because the Republicans and the media are already doing it for him. 0
wang-banger is a neocon using a sock puppet. 0
Wroooong! 0
go to protect them mineral rights and the trans-afghan pipeline. 0
See Sanders V Trump debate to find out. 0
Just in swing states I think. 0
only when hillary is asked what she's going to do about the economy. 0
He's already tweeted that 0
they certainly pose a threat to the current business model. 0
I agree completely. 0
Then why did you ask if he's a cop? 0
Not in Trump's America :( 0
You guys keep pimping this nonsense line as though we don't meet actual Trump supporters everyday out there in the real world. 0
Stay there please. 0
What non-scripted interaction has Clinton had with the press that hasn't been awkward? 0
They're just a subsidiary of the empire. 0
But all of a sudden it's not okay. 0
Very true. 0
This leads me to think that the real damage the government is concerned over wikileaks is the damage to the manufactured perceptions of its citizens. 0
Tell that to Enron. 0
Is it you? 0
So does that mean tomorrow Paul will be singing Cruz's praise? 0
Upvoted :) 0
I'm sure lots of people do. 0
Other son. 0
The amount of time this has happened is too damn high! 0
THIS. 0
To maintain the stability of parties that make up American Politics. 0
He destroyed Rubio... He threw a grenade with hiring penalty on Donald and he casually threw it back to Rubio and it blew up in Rubio's face... 0
We will be no better than the Baby Boomers if we do this and Trump wins. 0
Jesus... that reference is chillingly fitting now 0
"Correct one had decades long association with AAs while the other just descended on the eve of elections to ""educate"" them what is good for them." 0
I think I'm joining the dark side... 0
Trump could demand that Ryan and Priebus fellate him on C-Span as a show of loyalty and Ryan would have to think about it for awhile (Priebus would agree without hesitation) 0
On things that make sense they may have a chance but getting rid of the EC because you don't like the results is stupid. 0
Still voting to repeal Obamacare and expect they learned anything from shutdown? 0
Put down the crack pipe and step away from faux noise 0
Apparently there are closet Trump voters here in this very thread. 0
She did that several times. 0
Do you think you are making sense? 0
ROUS's 0
Yet they're always praying for something. 0
"""Google Gary Johnson""and find the guy who could actually become president (because he's actually on all state ballots) and the guy least likely to do so (you're more likely to win the lottery and get struck by lightning on the same day)" 0
What was that he was saying about not giving out enemies critical info on TV? 0
This is the maximal pun for this situation 0
Trump is what a hobo imagines a millionaire would act like. 0
The results for House races show just how secure most districts are for the incumbent party. 0
And not because they're both shit 0
She thinks she is fox. 0
The most consistent flip-flopper. 0
So he didn't do anything illegal on his taxes? 0
Hopefully but some will just take the smaller fine for now 0
Because deleted emails don't exist....Because they're deleted... 0
Maybe folks don't all fit neatly into your stereotypes. 0
Chickens support Colonel Sanders. 0
How is he going to build a figurative wall and make Mexico pay figuratively for it? 0
Yeah who fucking cares as long as she sticks to Democratic platform once in office? 0
Not all of them. 0
No other nation in the Middle East has attacked our Navy vessels. 0
They will do it eventually anyway. 0
Worst moderator ever. 0
You'll never hear him demonize companies his base likes. 0
Sadly (as a non-fan) I did recognize that possibility once the post started picking up votes haha. 0
Somehow I just can't imagine killing fellow white Americans 0
Nah just gonna send It Zooey Deschanel gifs 0
If they polled his real name he'd have a zero 0
Dammit Barry did it again. 0
are you asking rhetorically or because you genuinely don't know? 0
"Because if you just said ""he's a liar"" then there would be nothing else to talk about." 0
That's the dumbest argument I've ever heard... 0
He's calling him a CTR shill. 0
Or had a penis and was named Steve Palin. 0
Exit polls have accounted for early voting for decades. 0
And a snub to free America as well. 0
But that never lead to a banning of all guns. 0
That's why gerrymandering needs to be addressed as soon as possible. 0
It was made up by alien lizards from the planet liberal pansy 3 to fool the sheepeople! 0
"maybe i'll say ""he's quick but not wise""." 0
Still stunningly accurate in 2015. 0
There have been some suggestions that he is actually an atheist because of some of his stances but there has never been enough evidence to back it up. 0
"""Long history of racism....""" 0
What does this even mean 0
Paid for by the Hillary Campaign 0
Bernie Sanders is an Independent. 0
I feel that he's letting hilary win on purpose... 0
I upvoted because it must drive liberals insane to think of Trump as the 2nd most admired person in the county. 0
I'm 34 and I have been saying that for almost 2 decades. 0
Did you make an account just for this comment? 0
Example? 0
Kind of reminds me of another corporation that lobbied to make hemp illegal in order to make room for their synthetic fibers. 0
"Ah... the ""poll"" vote." 0
Just for women. 0
Obama 2024 0
well considering how much she directly says and alludes to the fact that people are damn near electing Bill Clinton again... 0
lol :) 0
Might be worth the ink to print it out and do so. 0
What about a Green Party Townhall? 0
Signaling back to the Kremlin with your hashtag huh? 0
Regular guys transform into dictators sometimes. 0
And Trump won most counties your point? 0
Nah definitely Russians. 0
They need to be more like Kansas. 0
WaPo wouldn't be bitching and moaning if Hillary won in the same fashion. 0
The most unsexy but largely important issue 0
In a lot of other countries people already called it America beer. 0
We probably should in principle. 0
That's a broad generalization too make. 0
Better than that 'what happens next will amaze you' crap. 0
Hitler had more self control? 0
Even in 2012 How the fuck do you win the presidency but fail to win congressional or senate majority 0
:p 0
Good point on currency fluctuations. 0
Ohio: Conservatives with Dignity 0
Thailand actually. 0
People should stop reproducing with idiots 0
As far as I can see unemployment is still up around 9% 0
What kind of debt? 0
Are you really naive/ignorant enough to think that special interest political donations weren't a thing before Citizens United? 0
Maybe the US public could grow up and vote pragmatically against the worst leader the world might just ever have seen... 0
Only when cameras are recording. 0
In a race between Frank Burns and Thurston Howell III does the outcome really matter that much? 0
Mods pulled this post. 0
Why has a subreddit to be representative? 0
cute 0
Bill stole those. 0
Trump could just call Sean Hannity But I hope Trump is wise enough to do that 0
we did pretty good with Al Franken. 0
Wrong. 0
And then you'll be in for a long 8 years. 0
Heavy drinking. 0
Well good ... she's only 30 years behind on court rulings. 0
Why would Trump stop Colbert from putting his balls in his own mouth? 0
"Shell btw already invests heavily in ""renewables"" (if you include biofules) ... they invest in whatever will make money in the crowded marketplace ... they tried a large solar investment already as well but lost money on it b/c oil is so much cheaper." 0
Terrorism is politically motivated acts to cause fear and panic 0
I'm saying they'd write it with this headline because the alternative makes it sound like Sanders is going to work with Clinton to stop Trump. 0
And which one is that? 0
Poor. 0
Well I mean it was his administration that wound up arming and training some of these cunts...brilliant fucking play guy. 0
Pretty much one and the same. 0
I don't think birtherism plays any part anymore. 0
If the hood fits... 0
You're a tallywhacker. 0
That's why they're not called quarters. 0
Welp time to add lawsuits to our debt counter.... 0
lol 0
Listen I agree with the fact we should be able to do that Australia is a bad example because the cost of living there is extraordinarily high. 0
Only Democrats would vote. 0
Then maybe congress should've approved funds 0
Obama breaks out the **VETO PEN**. 0
I think his is sarcasm. 0
Using a hidden camera to catch someone abuse kittens is not the same as photoshopping a kitten into some one swinging a stick at a pinata. 0
Closer to 1 week than 2. 0
yeah this seems like an advertisement in disguise 0
I would've gone with -4 personally. 0
yup 0
You never go full Cruz 0
Of course this will go straight to the front page! 0
Maybe he wasn't satisfied with her service. 0
because there isn't enough war on this planet at the moment 0
Tell him not to quit his day job. 0
Erick Erickson.....Ha ha ha ha. 0
Says the trained circus monkey... 0
If only you knew the deadpan voice I wrote that with in my head. 0
umm no... I am not and neither am I conservative. 0
Your last sentence says it all and why 'forgiveness' is less and less possible because the one asking for it in more and more cases is only doing to cover his own ass. 0
it did. 0
Tell me one measurable problem recently thats been caused by climate change. 0
First they'll convince the weak-minded among you that we were never Americans to begin with. 0
You're such a racist. 0
Common sense and conservatism are incompatible too. 0
lol no 0
I prefer to tango into gun shows. 0
That's the basis of the billion dollar advertising industry. 0
I'm not sure she should acknowledge that he's even running against her since she has all the demos to win the election with or without debates or ads acknowledging that he's even running in the first place. 0
Not when you have an official business email. 0
Take some pictures for memories. 0
not enough ink. 0
Polls. 0
I'm surprised they didn't outsource it to a third world nation or bring in some of Romney's undocumented landscapers to do the work and then deport them before paying them. 0
What exactly is Bernie doing? 0
"The so called ""limited knowledge"" applied to the email/chyber stuff Powerll and the rest are the same That's how Eventually state dept is going to have to overhaul it's email system and procedures" 0
Semi relevant user name...I think... 0
Joe Exotic 2016 0
Wow didn't we call this shit? 0
Theoryothly. 0
And people who beleive in mass censorship make up the majority of Clinton's support as well 0
I wouldn't even consider him for a tie. 0
You can own the same weapons as the military. 0
And I read that in comments about twice a day. 0
# #TimeForWar 0
Are you providing that as a joke going along with OP or as an attempt to counter what OP says by somehow using a satirist as proof....It's sad I have to ask that but alas this election is fucked up. 0
"""We're not concerned about that""." 0
He's a great host but he will never match up to Jon. 0
Trump will neither confirm nor deny these statements. 0
Are you being sarcastic? 0
I think the true inspiration for slackers should be the guy who went unemployed until he was 40! 0
How many ratios should he add for each bold number? 0
I don't equate smoking and drinking with voting and somehow we managed without those laws for more than 200 years. 0
Not as shocked as Bernie to see his socialism at work when Hillary gets more delegates even though he won the state. 0
Worked for the Donald 0
Who wants to see what Trump will do when he's losing by 20% in the polls? 0
Right. 0
And your argument from fallacy does not make your assertions valid either. 0
That's gonna make all the girls that whore around fell a lot better. 0
whers that fully funded university you speak of? 0
Crooked Hillary will never get a single vote. 0
They seem to think that voting democrat at 20 means you'll vote democrat at 30... 0
From you lips to god's ears. 0
The reason mandate is being discussed here is because Republicans since the election have been using that word. 0
D'oh! 0
Trump's and that ladies head would explode. 0
Why do you support a white supremacist for president? 0
Don't forget Mel Gibson. 0
Biff Tannen. 0
Maybe he googled Revolution Messaging? 0
It's the whole anti-force thing. 0
The counties with significantly lower population and significantly smaller areas? 0
When did the EC benefit dems so drastically? 0
And Abbott lost the use of his legs when an oak tree fell on him while he was jogging after a storm in Houston. 0
Thanks Carly Fiorina! 0
Not all of us. 0
Trickled on and Trickle Out to an overseas tax haven - FTFY 0
The only thing she broke out of was the rabid animal lockup at the local shelter. 0
Who *does* still fly on Delta? 0
Yeah... pretty sure you missed the whole point of the *hypothetical*. 0
Irresponsible 0
Clinton supporters will see it that way. 0
Independence Day: Resurgence Out Now! 0
It's a deep basket. 0
Yeah she's not some super predator after all. 0
My confirmation bias is finally being validated by a news group I didn't care about until they reported on things that help me push my narrative hurr durr 0
"""Big league liar.""" 0
And Happy Cake Day 0
How about she releases those wall street transcripts? 0
Just about as well as the Riddler in the old TV series. 0
ITT: White supremacists shaking in their boots that they might have to treat others equally one day 0
Because there's more than one factor involved. 0
That is not what the treaty says and it deliberately doesn't say that. 0
^Making their point^ 0
r/russiadenies 0
Rigged elections are unpatriotic. 0
That it is a job killer. 0
We have rules about hate speech. 0
Management constantly threatens workers in an attempt to block unionization. 0
FIFU? 0
"""Prove that god doesnt exist""" 0
I think my comment is very specific about what I think of wiki. 0
Because even Israel knows it is working. 0
The neoconservatives have done well with him.. 0
Did they ever have their minds? 0
If only they weren't protesting the lack of theocracy. 0
No it is definitely like that. 0
When did this sub become r/independentuk 0
Maybe it's maybelline 0
Did you reply to the wrong person? 0
Clickbait. 0
So the choice is work for a pittance or starve to death? 0
They sent him to keep an eye on their money. 0
*gubernor 0
Forget to take your meds this morning? 0
There are not many people in this world that I admire or respect more than Nivek. 0
Rage quits are best quits. 0
That's what we're here for! 0
... Sheesh. 0
It's just another dumbass conspiracy theory from the wing-nuts and Teabaggers. 0
In that case I will happily take you up on your bet. 0
Says the women who wanted to abolish the 2nd amendment in GTA. 0
Low energy nazi pledge. 0
"""Prove it""." 0
Grow yourself some freedom. 0
One can only hope to be as wise as you. 0
pre-thriller mike would like a word 0
Obstruction apparently works 0
You're a racist. 0
I am voting for godless Sanders just so I can watch you suffer muhahahaha 0
For what reason? 0
Could be but shit the cops aren't exactly banking 0
Perhaps Scott can explain how high tax Minnesota is doing so much better economically than Wisconsin? 0
"i dont doubt it... but TBF i made a ""conspiracy theory"" earlier." 0
This is bullshit the private sector has been living off the government tit forever. 0
Doubt it! 0
Gail Collins is depressingly funny. 0
How did the hacks change the election exactly? 0
Then the Giant Douche campaign would love to talk with you! 0
why the heck did you move 0
Coverdell literally every state hs this 0
Sad! 0
Or void the US Constitution. 0
To a lot of evangelicals the pope is one step away from Satan anyway. 0
The Sandy Bill (IRC) was 50%+ pork. 0
You get C diff 0
At least Trump can string three ideas into a coherent statement 0
Don't need politic act to know everything this man says is a complete crock of shit 0
You read my mind. 0
How about just a 3rd grade grammar quiz? 0
"yes because we all know the ""rich fucks"" didn't earn their money and you deserve part of it..." 0
Only the survivors are worthy of ruling us - the others were weak. 0
And Donald Trump is off to the races with a strong one vote lead over Mitt Romney! 0
On his own freewill taking a vacation to an US prison obviously. 0
We have the right to life until we're borj and then we're on our own! 0
We don't wanna hurt their fee fees or they'll collectively bargain against the next debate network 0
It's hard to get paid otherwise 0
does HE DISAVOW? 0
Yeah he would've ended up in a car with a case of carbon monoxide poisoning a la Pete Russo if they were actually killing people. 0
Any day now...People are way too confident that something is going to come out of this. 0
Or possibly just as bad 'He's thinking what we've really been saying'. 0
So Hillary won/came close states that are going to go Republican anyway but Bernie won 2 swing states by large margins. 0
And they would still infuriatingly claim they won the debate. 0
Because profit is a zero sum game. 0
Umbrella corp? 0
lol cry about it 0
Ever heard of coinciding interests? 0
Yay freedom of expression. 0
Donald Trump thanks YOU for backing a Democrat that so many people can't stomach voting for. 0
How's that working out in States like Maryland? 0
That's true.. trying to keeps things simple you understand 0
No you are confused once again and I tried to make it very clear..Oh well..Anyways You need to at least take basic logic classes due to the fact that you are confused right now over such a simple straight forward issue. 0
Yeah I'm not a Hillary fan but this is ridiculous. 0
I think the word idiot better describes a practicing mormon. 0
They can determine crimes against humanity though 0
"If by ""disrupting"" the stock market you mean its been doing well..." 0
Is this winner take all? 0
I thought his dad killed JFK...didn't Trump say that? 0
Expect anything else from the deplorables? 0
So you're saying he should be in trouble for mishandling classified information? 0
But Gowdy has been this way all 10 hours.. 0
The effect would be the same if they fired enough people so that they only needed to hire a few to make quota: a higher percentage of green police officers. 0
"The voters who aren't ""with her"" by now will never be." 0
Well overdue. 0
Neither do rally numbers. 0
Almost as bad as weak as pussies who would like to encourge dictators and tyranny. 0
"But who is going to give me my ""I Voted"" sticker?" 0
Bernie's very kind way of saying there's a trust issue with Hillary flip-flopping. 0
its the most rigorous poll so far. 0
That's Hillary 0
funny you bring that up because it didnt matter in the end 0
Well one of then wasn't illegal and she apologized and the other was and he got sued for it three times and didn't apologize so 0
That is how he will get the party primary nomination... Nationally he would have the lowest percentage of votes ever... including people voting for a dead guy 0
Marland Brando Look Alikes? 0
The same way we enforce sex divisions in bathrooms now. 0
Pointing out your opponent takes lots of money from lots of industries is such a nasty tone! 0
Too late for this election to be about the policy differences between the candidates and how these will affect the average America. 0
Maybe Americans are aspiring illegals 0
Ugh I'm going to ignore all the positives they focus on and pick out a negative and whine about it 0
Obama killed Bin Laden... Don't understand why everyone calls him a terrorist.. 0
It's quite ironic how doggedly you will attack gun free zones... don't most handgun deaths happen outside of gun free zones? 0
Interesting list of grievances. 0
Easier to pretend this will just be 8 years of dumb sound bites and sexist tweets instead of actually causing the extinction of humanity? 0
Source that they're largely corporate backed now? 0
Still unconstitutional.... 0
Sad ! 0
when that single laptop has over a thousand emails it becomes more then just a small little issue 0
We're numbers too! 0
Ehh it`s dry heat.I had to wear a jacket this morning.. 0
Takes two sentences to accuse the EPA of communist sympathies.... 0
Or dangerous levels of smug 0
In the same way that false accusations from the Hillary camp about sexism can now be used by Trump to prove a point 0
Did you not see the progressives tag in parenthesis? 0
What about all the commotion over corporations choosing to hire foreign engineers via h1b visas over local ones? 0
Hate for not wanting to see muslims tagged and followed like cattle and mexicans ripped from their families.... You are a special kind of person 0
Why would they have to recognize the European Colonialists that treat them like animals and used terrorism against civilians and the British to take over the land? 0
Please have Moscow's Pussy Riot play it's the end of the world as we know it. 0
You're not factoring in how much he wants it to happen! 0
He does like having the ability to fire people. 0
quotes are used to avoid libel suits 0
Let's remember the pulse night club shooter who killed 50 gays and hated gays was a Hillary supporter. 0
You failed to make a point. 0
To be overly fair this it the NYT which endorsed Hillary I find it unlikely that they'd publish something like that if it were completely false 0
I have a brother that consistently votes republican and told me last night that all the candidates scare the shit out of him. 0
We wouldn't even be here without GMOs. 0
No competent informed person believes the media has truly properly scrutinized her. 0
That is a steaming pile of fecal material and you know it. 0
It's probably the only thing on TV that has actually made me dizzy-sick watching. 0
Currencies do not work that way. 0
So you'd be cool with me hanging outside your kid's day care center with an acid spraying gun of some kind as long as there's no evidence I intend to harm anyone? 0
They should give it to everyone like a good Democratic Socialist. 0
Likeable and electable are two different things. 0
"So does ""crack down"" = ""bust out some knuckle children""?" 0
How can we prove her innocense if no is willing to take her to court? 0
Don't forget their holy capitol in Oregon... the Malhauer bird refuge. 0
Because you can't prove that it was used as a personal bank account? 0
He's just setting up the Michelle Obama 2020 campaign. 0
The fine tradition of Republican Guvnors continues. 0
So genuine he promised he would release his tax returns and never did 0
This means the USA will bomb the shit out of an entirely unrelated but resource-rich country somewhere. 0
Does anyone else feel like he's doing this because he *just* realized that his presidential term is about to end and wants to leave a lasting impression? 0
I don't think the Nazis left quite enough to spin. 0
his web developer? 0
One reaps what one sows. 0
I like how you admit that immigration and demographic change is changing the electoral balance (ie disenfranchising certain voters by making their votes meaningless) 0
Chelsea is a mess. 0
Corporations are people my friend. 0
Or you can fit the state of New Mexico into that gap. 0
Ok it's not just me? 0
Because fuck the people the people of that state who voted? 0
It's useful to be understanding of others because your high horse is only helpful to your position if you don't fall off of it. 0
Does that matter? 0
Well not really considering Trump **is** a corporate interest in and of himself. 0
Np :) 0
See: China 1978-2015 0
they will all be moms that get to stay home with the kids now cuz dad got a $3 raise. 0
Clinton supporters weren't taking videos of the entire thing because they don't have this weird persecution complex thinking everything that goes against them is a conspiracy. 0
The ones fighting the actual terrorists in ISIS? 0
1/8th... Harry was also a horcrux 0
Which means...what exactly? 0
or... Bernie makes Brexit about him. 0
It's already over this is just the regrettable make up sex before we *really* break up next time. 0
The Clinton's have invested heavily in private prisons...oh the irony. 0
she's voting for her because she wants a woman president. 0
Back in reality she's tied in Missouri with Trump. 0
"Are you familiar with the term ""false equivalency?""" 0
He's only half serious. 0
Are you trying to say corporations do not donate to democrats? 0
Thanks for the reply :) 0
1% cause margin of errors 0
Let's do the whole fucking country. 0
That would require a non-zero level of maturity. 0
TBH china will swoop right in on this one. 0
I believe it started in 2007 and renewed every 5 years. 0
You guys done circlejerking about how much smarter you are than other people? 0
By not choosing trump the Dems get super majority in 2018 0
He's a boxer guy. 0
"I think we're both talking about the lack of ""buying power"" but from different approaches." 0
It would also slow the illegal drug trade and related crime while hurting cartels as marijuana has been estimated to make up 35-40% of their profits. 0
And that counts as two jobs created for the stats. 0
No 0
One can only guess at what WaPo considers to be a liberal and so far I think they are clueless. 0
I did not have sexual relations with that calculator. 0
Its always yeazy 0
You're a garbage shill. 0
Which gets rid of the usual motivations for unnecessary asset seizures 0
The FBI told the RNC it was hacked back in June. 0
How about everyone shuts up and pass the damn turkey. 0
Especially with the Bernie to Trump accounts. 0
And he's said no and criticized them at every turn. 0
You just got one from Director Comey. 0
Knobama 0
"I actually prefer ""Hildebeast""." 0
Why do you think that? 0
Oy vey 0
It takes way more info to register to vote than just your name. 0
The regulations you say you want require an equitable and functional justice system. 0
Why do you think I stopped responding after my initial post ;) 0
Any president who violates the first amendment should face consequences- maybe impeachment and some jail time. 0
...only Democrats are corrupt... 0
Do they allow VPNs? 0
Californians loved him so much that he lost the California primary to Clinton 0
Why is that bad? 0
OOOOOOHHHH! 0
And how will Perry help with the diversity problem? 0
Which 44? 0
Since when? 0
True...that... 0
The actual news sources receive no attention because they don't fit the narrative. 0
Gotta wonder what his concession speech will sound like. 0
How is decreasing violence a bias goal? 0
Someone's grumpy about president trump :) 0
Good joke 0
Source? 0
Touch Stadium Attenders! 0
Dumb as a bag of rocks. 0
intellectual amish 0
Have you no shame? 0
I don't think even Mike Rowe would do *that* dirty job! 0
i'd vote for stein or warren just fine :) 0
Good. 0
"""We made this up""" 0
Isn't general voting also just a mass of people who decide to show up? 0
I personally missed the part where people give a fuck about what Larry Wilmore has to say. 0
Then again the other option is just to stop voting since they probably don't align with the emerging radical leftist economic doctrine in the Democratic Party. 0
Considering Clinton is a proponent of net neutrality and AOL makes a great deal of its money based on the websites it acquired in its heyday this really shouldn't surprise anyone. 0
That attitude only encourages us. 0
Swartz is only a victim of his own choices. 0
You are misunderstand the purpose of the federal government. 0
Trump needs to make certain no sane woman will vote for him. 0
Just chillin' in Cedar Rapids...with Chris Christie *cough* *cough* 0
Duuuuuuuh! 0
Then your sources are wrong. 0
Frauds like Trump often employ spam against their marks. 0
Vermont may as well be Pakistan to Rush &amp; his fans 0
This bill is so terrible for the health insurance companies that their stocks are soaring. 0
Democratic Party and elected are really the ultimate stupidos if they keep ranting on about guns. 0
So what about the adults going back to college to change careers only to find that most career tracts are also lacking in job opportunities? 0
Thats nothing the banks are starting foreclosures on hospitals too. 0
Which dictators have worn a pantsuit? 0
Polls themselves are basically irrelevant at this point 0
"The only thing unresolved is false advertising - as in Fox calling itself ""news"" purveyor." 0
Let this be a lesson to the rest of you. 0
I am going to assume English is not your first language. 0
eating his shit 0
Registration deadlines are now racist... I need to quit coming here 0
hold up there... that isn't Catholicism your talking about. 0
How would you even think you would get away with that? 0
"""Oops""" 0
he is further behind in delegates than before Indiana lol 0
I support Bernie because he is the only candidate who is willing to admit that this could try has turned into an oligrachy. 0
Explosions are really just widely distributed freedom. 0
How is this even remotely the Democrats fault? 0
I smell a collab mixtape 0
That little turd would say anything to take focus away from his comments about daddy's toxic tax returns. 0
Don't call what happened in the US 4 years ago an election. 0
What metric would you propose we use to screen candidates for immigration? 0
Depends on how you already view the Democrats. 0
What makes you think they're funded by mommy and daddy? 0
"In before ""he didn't mean that""" 0
Society coming in crystal clear sir. 0
Judging by your submission history calling anybody else trapped in an echo chamber is a hilarious contradiction 0
"I didn't even know there was such a thing as ""liberal"" research specifically?" 0
That's why they're trying to promote him: easier to really a base who doesn't like Trump or Cruz to defeat a radical leftist than an establishment Democrat. 0
How is that a threat? 0
Political pandering? 0
How does the cost associated with inflation benefit government? 0
I don't live in Georgia but isn't the 10th Congressional district heavily right-leaning Republican Bible-belt oriented people? 0
Russia and China? 0
Oh look racist cancer. 0
Or close your accounts and stop doing business with them. 0
That's fine but there's nothing that supports your claim. 0
You're delusional. 0
Breaking News: Judge rules against Trump- CNN 0
Can confirm. 0
Are you aware that men have a hormonal cycle that affect their mood? 0
internal affairs aren't exactly cops. 0
Is that the Russia From My Backyard accent? 0
I would be sooo happy to wake up one morning and see a Hillary Indictment Megathread. 0
Summer reddit didn't hear about Bernie? 0
If that were true Ted Cruz would've been long dead. 0
Can not let yourself get stuck in a bubble. 0
Like Bill Clinton? 0
So two people are the same based off of their fans? 0
He's peaked. 0
Literally none of that comes close to Donald Trump. 0
Who denounced the KKK decades ago and worked the rest of his life against racism and was posthumously honored by the NAACP. 0
"We wouldn't become a ""socialist state"" anyway." 0
Do you have a source for that? 0
That's an odd interpretation of what I typed. 0
It's funny how enraged people get when called out on their commitment to Herrenvolk democracy. 0
Don't be so dense 0
Sounds like political suicide 0
What was our transport doing in Albanian airspace that made the US culpable for the plane crash? 0
The Christianophobes are out in full force in Saudi Arabia. 0
And the liberal wailing marches on... 0
I got your back. 0
Just imagine what they could do with the NSAs Intel apparatus... 0
Outlier. 0
I think you underestimate just how much a lot of Republicans hate Hillary Clinton. 0
Oh hey its the child again. 0
It might lead them to vote in other elections when they might otherwise not have voted at all. 0
It's just crazy enough to work! 0
Then maybe they should get off their ass and propose some legislature instead if this 0
Hillary's fans would vote for her even if they found out that she (fill in the blank with just about anything) 0
"""Man running for president says completely reasonable thing""" 0
Calling someone who said nothing racist IS RACISIM. 0
That would appear to be the crime of solicitation? 0
Something something running out of other peoples money 0
And they're trying to perform the entire Shrek film with a broom and a fucking bedsheet and they get the quotes all wrong and it's shit and they have huge potholes and you can't heckle? 0
Imagine what they'll be like if Chelsea is her opponent. 0
Then I hope the bullets hit those that are most deserving. 0
The fact that there is no evidence just proves the conspiracy! 0
So neither have any then.. 0
I momentarily had this thought but then realized what could Clinton give trump to destroy his image and go down as one of the most vial Americans in history? 0
That is a strange comment for you to make since I have never voted for her and never will. 0
at which point quantum enhanced encryption will become more commonplace... 0
Next time will be 2024 if Hillary gets in. 0
Obama wasn't under investigation for multiple serious crimes. 0
troll alert 0
What a terribly baseless and unsubstantiated theory. 0
Because other states ship them to California 0
"eagerly awaiting your next submission from a ""crappy blog""..." 0
I'm going to give you a second to think about the irony of juxtaposing those 2 thoughts. 0
And only that 0
I hope they are not stupid enough to get sucked into it. 0
Yeah I don't see what decade old news has to do with a political endorsement 0
I would if I could. 0
I am assuming you got banned as quick as I did for that? 0
He claimed he was going to work for everyone and he hasnt been. 0
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that Hillary Clinton was the main reason that Hillary Clinton lost the election.... 0
r/iamverysmart 0
Isn't it a stingray type animal? 0
If you are poor your insurance is partially or completely subsidized. 0
Jeff is just being the swamp creature that he is doing very swampy things. 0
She got Trumped 0
"It really speaks volumes that you feel only ""liberals"" embrace diplomacy." 0
Seems to be pretty easy to add loopholes though 0
Borderlands is going to be a real thing I guess. 0
The entire Sanders campaign is historic in itself so I wouldn't base this primary on things that have happened historically. 0
Hillary Clinton is the real public health crisis here. 0
"""I can be anything you want""" 0
Exactly... 0
It is as Jeebus wills it! 0
That's better than a dirty dish rag. 0
Local and global pollution producing global warming are directly related. 0
I'd have some choice words for you but you seem like a rat. 0
She sued him for sexual harassment. 0
its not one document a week.. its thousands of documents at a time. 0
OH NOEZ NOT DUH JOOZ 0
neat 0
it's too late for that 0
Laws =/= morals. 0
They were bound to catch this kid anyway ..... with such clear video. 0
I'm talking about civilians. 0
Bomber Harris do it again! 0
Empathy is in a dead-heat with self awareness if you ask me. 0
disgusting how trumps supporters have that little respect for us soldiers 0
"And there's also the horrendous optics of a ""law and order"" candidate flagrantly violating the law *again*." 0
"It baffles my mind that people have the ""if you didn't vote for my person then you voted for the other""" 0
I don't think that's what he would want 0
Happy cake day. 0
And let's not forget the children of Iraq and Afghanistan who paid with their lives. 0
This is what happens when you give every kid a trophy. 0
"""Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake""" 0
There is a difference between a narrative and a fact. 0
In this one instance I think she's right though. 0
I feel it trickling all over me. 0
Who is credited as bombing him and his grandchild? 0
Venezuela would be an example. 0
Can someone please explain why this is sexist? 0
Hilarity ensues. 0
The majority of Americans haven't met any US president in person. 0
Watch the Trump family fight nepotism. 0
Y'allQueda 0
Yeah but Zimmerman has cred for murdering a black teenager. 0
So what if it is? 0
Fast and furious? 0
That eye makeup though.. 0
they used to be.... not anymore... They used to also give 100% free everything healthcare to all their employees and kids until 25.... No longer the case =/ 0
i would rather newt ran than palin 0
I have to admit it's the best title I've seen all day. 0
Classic kickback scheme. 0
It's almost like months of Bernie shitposting irritates people and makes them return the favour. 0
Just like the $5 million dollar donation Shillary gave to people like you for CTR? 0
Also Trogdor of Parsec 9 if he were born in Blugerfudd. 0
So your saying the cubs still have a chance? 0
Please let it be Flynn 0
that makes you smart 0
This is how we get Trump. 0
How ya like government mandates now bitches? 0
Like a publicly broadcasted speech? 0
"Defense Lawyer: ""My client never intended for the bodies to be found""" 0
Are you kidding * Knowing where your money is going * Limiting spending to what is needed * Estimating future needs * Accountability and fraud prevention * Historical analysis * Relevance to future anthropologists is just what I came up with in the few minutes before coffee. 0
Are they the Saints of Los Angeles? 0
there is a difference between an unpopular opinion and a dangerous one. 0
BUST A GUAC! 0
I'm not assuming that at all 0
People should be screaming for not only clawbacks of the bonus money received by VA administrators but criminal charges as well. 0
I think we may see huge upsets in Congress this year favoring Democrats. 0
isn't this guy a good friend of trump as well? 0
He's down and still fighting folks! 0
New York State Troopers. 0
How much does Mitt Romney donate? 0
Same tbh 0
Democrats lie *slightly* less than Republicans. 0
This is why union jobs are awesome. 0
Do you support drug testing of welfare recipients in Florida? 0
So... You want a dictator... 0
Nothing but if you use buzz words it looks bad 0
Source? 0
Sure he wasn't talking about his campaign now? 0
More fear mongering salted with crazy from a GOP minded individual. 0
"It's the same reasoning as why we don't call drone strikes assassinations or when we used to use ""enhanced interrogation"" instead of torture." 0
The media is so desperate to try and prop up a dying clinton. 0
"""Disrespectful tone"" you PC brah?" 0
That's naive. 0
And hold up the passage of anything else. 0
Come on magic being real! 0
I have no idea what you mean to say with that. 0
And insane politicians. 0
This is my favorite political moment that I've witnessed happening on TV. 0
I would say the same about you but then you haven't given any specifics whatsoever so who the fuck knows. 0
Trump gets elected or some other republican gets elected. 0
That is actually two facts... 0
It is almost like he is snowed in. 0
That is one of the odd things; conservative business owners HATE it when employees discuss their wages with each other. 0
Only if we VOTE! 0
Which email sent to or from Hillary showed corruption? 0
Translation: PLEEEEEASE give me a cabinet post 0
Might as well. 0
Christie 0
Freedom of Information request. 0
Did you get Healthcare coverage through the government plan? 0
I wonder if Trump's supporter's will view him as a sell out? 0
morons gonna be morons. 0
He shattered the all time record for gop votes during a primary. 0
Surely the only change they voted for was changing the number of living African Americans to a lower number? 0
He seems pretty successful. 0
You're illiterate if you think people don't know why. 0
"""Mr.Sanders needs to Cut it out!""" 0
Allowing Donald Trump to be a serious political candidate is the **lowest point** in the history of our presidential elections. 0
Is being able to afford the money or time to get an aid required to vote an inalienable right? 0
The burden you brave Redditors bear... 0
Clinton camp admits there's more illegal activity to expose. 0
Trump must be the worst Republican that ever existed. 0
GO GATA! 0
We're already giving them money. 0
It is how they are doing the polling that is the problem. 0
One in the same 0
Can always sacrifice a few virgins or newborns or something. 0
That will be a short book tour. 0
clickbait bullshit. 0
The kind that calls you out on your bullshit 0
"Just wait until his supporters start the ""kill all Muslims"" chant while Donald grins retardedly instead of telling them to shut the fuck up" 0
kek 0
"Ive counted 4 times that people have posted the same google results and said ""SEE NO DYDRATION""" 0
A joke? 0
He went to the ones in the Village with the People. 0
TOR will most likely earn you a visit from the FBI. 0
"theres a difference between being vocal about a serious issue and then being an attention whore who just wants internet likes they do the same thing people do when they post pictures saying things like "" i look so ugly in this"" all they want is attention and they actually do harm for people who actually have deal with it because they turn something series into a joke" 0
Amnesia is a terrible thing? 0
Just replace Trump with Clinton and your message is equally valid. 0
"No where in that ""think tank study"" does it state that the Community reinvestment Act caused the world's largest economic disaster." 0
And the attacks being baseless. 0
Should we feel bad for the company that hired them? 0
"Get out of here with your ""understanding economic concepts"" you dirty socialist." 0
Shoulda been bernie 0
phenomenal enough to lose 0
"Our ""heroes""... :-(" 0
I guess in a way baptisms are kind of like waterboarding. 0
He'll have to clean up his act if he wants to be taken seriously. 0
Thank you for your service 0
The old reddit Trump-a-roo! 0
This is probably the best thing that's ever happened to me on the internet. 0
Aaaaaaaroooooooo! 0
He's a really bad socialist. 0
Yeah but there's gold in them thar hills 0
i can tell. 0
Daesh. 0
The conservative Facebook pages are already saying it's da gubment's fault. 0
The one true Bernie Bro. 0
Who built walls to keep out the relatives of the latinos? 0
But that's not what this is. 0
Don't forget all the easy forfeiture money they will be losing out on that they usually claim on all those cannabis cases. 0
"They're just giving you their best ""we won't talk unless you watch your tone.""" 0
Sounds like a personal problem then 0
They need to make that the back-cover quote. 0
/Thread 0
I thought that's called a derivative. 0
Nice Polite Republicans... 0
"Things that make you go ""hmmmmm...""" 0
More guns ! 0
Wait I thought we were doing hyperbolic statements to dismiss legitimate grievances 0
Trump is the John Madden of politics. 0
Dicks out for cyberwarfare 0
I would say he's already rich but I'm never surprised at the new ways people figure out how to get rich off of others 0
Could you detail them? 0
I have never dealt with a government agency that was as inefficient as Blue Cross Blue Shield. 0
Mitt has more class than this assclown. 0
The main difference in your analogy being that the vast majority of black people in America *do* trace their ancestry back to Africa. 0
There it is.. That 25 second memorized speech. 0
accused... either she said it or she didn't.... 0
the survey also is made up because I cannot find any statistical breakdown 0
When are you guys gonna give up this ridiculous Russia conspiracy theory/narrative? 0
This blatant corruption makes you wonder what sneaky things they are doing that haven't been uncovered yet. 0
I didn't say Clinton directed Black. 0
I'd like to buy that writer a beer. 0
I don't know why we do we. 0
False. 0
She became a senator promptly after Bill's presidency. 0
I don't think you know what fascism is. 0
TIL law abiding citizens are terrorists. 0
Pretty much. 0
No you wouldn't 0
Like all those CNN stories people would post on Facebook 0
That sounds like paranoia 0
Imagine how that story would look and the coverage it would be given if this was a Muslim plotting to bomb a Christian Community. 0
Yeah but 75 precincts in Philly which went 90% for Clinton... 0
Replied to the wrong comment 0
Your tax dollars at work? 0
Watch as they get replaced by touch screen menus and roombas. 0
Who? 0
"Could you enlighten me as to how LEO's are ""unbound by normal law"" ?" 0
Dubyah at least had the good decency to not demonize all Muslims as inherently evil. 0
I think they mean unnerve any one with critical thinking capabilities and a lack of cognitive dissonance. 0
You mean *She's*... 0
If you're a real economist you'd know that bringing back 100 year old legislation is not going to change anything. 0
I think they mean the pepe meme guy. 0
You realize the gov email ppl wanted her to use was proven to be hacked much more and more successfully than her private one? 0
I didn't even know Santorum was on the race this year. 0
You can think of people as more than just sex objects and understand that DJ Trump looks terrible compared to Clinton. 0
TIL I need to start a foundation and accept donations regardless of moral integrity 0
And Clinton had too much 0
I'm now wondering if the Trump Train is a code for Trump's long list of sexual assault victims. 0
Bernie is anti-abortion and doesn't feel gay people should be appointed to positions of authority? 0
"Where's the ""who gives a fuck"" category?" 0
*awkward* 0
k 0
Factually incorrect. 0
However Putin could be where he's getting his intel 0
We're interested! 0
As long you add Hillary's own camp to the ones denying these polls I don't care what you tell yourself. 0
Pretty sure only the government or people working for the government can violate your constitutional rights. 0
Yet someone as intelligent and amazing as you hasn't been able to refute a single one of them. 0
And many polling places ran out of ballots because so many showed up to vote. 0
"They had a report in August that said ""Bin Laden Determined to Strike within US""... And it's ""your"" not ""you're""..." 0
Old people who left cuba a while back hate the regime even though a diplomatic intervention and free trade will create political change 0
I don't think he's breaking ranks at all. 0
"Let's play the Trump supporter delusional game of ""What if our most important state didn't exist""" 0
Or a cross at least. 0
"The readers of your comment that wouldn't necessarily understand what ""rational explanations and all"" actually meant." 0
Been in a coma for 8 years? 0
"""Shock Doctrine"" by Naomi Klein ... ." 0
"Based on the fact that it was front page of the Donald last night with the headline that this is ""as big a deal as watergate"" and roughly half of the top comments are copied from there verbatim I think you may be onto something...reminds me of when they blew the lid wide open on Ted Cruzs supposed infidelity and kept voting shit to the front page with bots and then nothing ever came of it and everyone forgot about it" 0
Yes the system is rigged horribly 0
This has to be Trump's way of saying he doesn't actually want to win right? 0
My undies are too tight. 0
He's *such* a hard worker that he quit his undergraduate degree and left Baylor without graduating once he got accepted into medical school at Duke. 0
Sounds like you're not anxious about where your next meal is coming from. 0
She's pretty much your run of the mill politician honestly 0
Theres no evidence released that proves any of that. 0
Ask volkswagon. 0
Beating bigotry with bigotry a classic example of taking the high road......... 0
for the life of me i couldn't figure out how i was supposed to interpret those words... it just hit me that it's a racing analogy... thanks for elaborating 0
We just need it to go against the will of the people just this one time because our side didn't win.Btw you lost good luck getting votes from red state electors. 0
That won't happen like all of Trump's campaign promises. 0
Because donating to charity was not their goal. 0
Relevant username. 0
Just got? 0
Did you vote in the primaries? 0
looks like they were wrong 0
So the gop is really dying out. 0
People said that about Iowa... The game has just begun. 0
Great job ignoring that the new healthcare laws actually decrease the deficit. 0
Chelsea alone gets paid 900k from the foundation 0
You tried 0
The same holes happen with spray tans I imagine. 0
I feel like Trump doesn't even realize why this is wrong.... 0
The definition of bigotry seems to expand every year. 0
i'd say trump is equally unlikely to do anything about it. 0
Sweet a four month old article. 0
by Odin's left eye I hope so. 0
That really rustled your jimmies. 0
Yay America ! 0
Cool -- thank you. 0
"Is that anything like ""The Terrible Secret of Spaaace""?" 0
And thirsty. 0
You literally just vomited a bunch of buzzwords 0
Do you really think things are impossible just because they're unconstitutional? 0
Stock up on kleenex for next Tuesday. 0
Bribes are the only debts a grifter will actually pay. 0
I though that much was busted 0
That's because they think the world hasn't changed since the 70's. 0
He could start with sending Trump there 0
Yep 0
Can't blame the furiners for losing THESE jerbs. 0
babyhands 0
With their tiny hands. 0
"""Unless ... they already have someone in mind who is compliant with their ideas.""" 0
I took his comment as seriously as it deserved. 0
What people are we talking about? 0
Are you claiming Fox is Republican? 0
Spread the word. 0
"Title: ""Every single Trump cabinet member so far...""" 0
You're talkin my English. 0
What a fucking moron. 0
Carson=lower energy 0
Should we gear up for a bombshell this Friday? 0
Did Trump choose Pence as an insurance policy against something happening to him? 0
3edgy 0
The Unpresidential Ball 0
That one always stings the most. 0
Put Saudi on it while you're at it. 0
That's quite a leap you've taken. 0
Found the one guy that wanted him to win 0
Iran ain't gonna invade itself. 0
Exactly 0
Will be first trillionaire by the time Trump is out of office 0
Excellent point. 0
I guarantee you he is not a Muslim. 0
That's the fault of the media but I feel that will be corrected in the coming weeks 0
I think they are getting nervous that the candidates they bought on both sides of the political spectrum are in danger of losing the nomination. 0
2edgy4me 0
That is very clearly not what was said in the letter. 0
Self defence classes also teach this as a last resort. 0
That *was* a great line. 0
fuck unified messages 0
This is hilarious! 0
That was an Elder Scrolls reference doofus 0
The currency of the United States is the US dollar actually. 0
Not as important as blatantly disregarding the constitution or the threat of using nuclear weapons. 0
Good to see we have some real smart people in here who don't understand there is ZERO evidence. 0
I don't think anyone in America is killing you because you're not Christian. 0
Thanks for the heads up. 0
How so? 0
*dog whistles* 0
Wow what you just said is way more racist than anything Trump has ever said. 0
Welcome to the Ogliarchy! 0
did you bother to read the report? 0
That's why he looks like orange Brawndo! 0
Thank you for the notice. 0
I don't think that's avoidable. 0
Or they're both crooked and full of shit. 0
I did not know that 0
"you misspelled ""resign""" 0
Or Putin's side entry thru Trump's current wife! 0
Good argument. 0
No all the media was in on it and the Democratic party didn't fight the voter suppression and the news barely mentioned it. 0
More jobs and overtime for cop and asset forfeiture funds. 0
We saw how well the government can cover the ass of BP and remove protect from any kind of torts by artificially capping their liability using only the executive branch of government. 0
Anytime 0
11/9 0
Glad we're drawing rational conclusions 0
I think that birth control should be covered but isn't erectile dysfunction a medical condition? 0
I imagine that the legal market will be at least as big as the illegal market once was. 0
"Mike ""Putting the AC/DC into LGBT"" Pence?" 0
Or that Obama is just one of the best public speakers we have ever seen. 0
!RemindMe April 20 2016 I want to watch you see them gloat. 0
Feeding the racial strife helps distract from what their economic policies are doing. 0
nice edge. 0
The controversy around him is the fact they *didn't* agree to it. 0
Paulding 0
Your faux outrage is so trite 0
If my face was that fucking ugly I just might. 0
I prefer to think of them as the Ministry of Disinformation. 0
Thanks anti-choicers. 0
It would be badass to create a society where someone didn't need to be an intruder in your house. 0
These comments tho. 0
There's quite a few people to choose from as the Flat Earth Society has members all around the globe. 0
Source? 0
Cuz that speech was fire. 0
I must have missed the form on my tax return that lets me dictate exactly what my tax money is spent on. 0
The GOP doesn't acknowledge science in any way. 0
You're welcome! 0
Hillary's entire campaign has thrived on her not talking 0
Even when they pass out? 0
Don't feel sorry for her or anyone stupid enough to have voted for Trump. 0
10/10 pun 0
Because money? 0
If only we had a word to describe these people and some sort of container to put them in. 0
Better that we keep kicking the can down shit road..Maybe if we start a new war things will get better.. 0
I'm sure we can revamp war to be more friendly and have less people get hurt too 0
This guy is going to twitter his google all over our facebook. 0
Because the number of infected patients in the US can be counted on one hand. 0
Death threats are part of running for president I'm pretty sure 0
You forgot to link the video or include the name of the candidate. 0
So what? 0
Incidents of open weeping on the House floor already down 98%. 0
SHHHHHHHH don't TELL them what it is! 0
Giggity. 0
It's not really a bribe to offer to open a branch office in your Congressman's district that will employ a few hundred people provided that they pass the legislation you support... is it? 0
Or God of War 0
45% 0
It literally doesn't matter there are literally people trying to pass of Trump literally doing the same thing. 0
It happened in Canada with Prime Minister Trudeau. 0
my guess is when they run into people that are running counterfeiting operations. 0
Knew that was coming. 0
Except that one time they killed Americans and burned down the white house. 0
Free cabs and birth control? 0
The state of denial isn't very delegate rich. 0
Not just allowed but voted to the top everyday as long as they are pro Bernie or anti Hilliary 0
Fuck. 0
That's more true than you think 0
Are you that cocaine loving Rock n'Roll clown? 0
Stay lying. 0
They'll find a way to put those people in jail. 0
obama is a huge disappointment in so many ways 0
Because some are more plausible than others? 0
Doesn't matter because they only see things in terms of quarterly profits 0
Hillary supporter? 0
Stop making liberals look like a bunch of kids with this shit 0
Trump knows more than the best military generals. 0
Anyone that truly understand economics is not going to pay 40 grand for a piece of paper stating he is qualified to talk about economics. 0
The catholic church also believes in evolution and a lot of other things which set it apart from the crazy prolife far right in the US. 0
There goes his workers for his places. 0
Always fun watching the Trust Fund kids fight the Affirmative Action kids. 0
Not if she broke the law (then she will join the list of other dishonored poiticians) but this administration will never indict her. 0
We'll see. 0
"He is a ""bootstrappy"" guy." 0
They do actually marry and have families...if bigots dont stand in the way. 0
They were targeted for death? 0
Whew I'm a 40+ genXer and I'm voting for Stein so I guess I don't fit in that characterization.... 0
The return of delusion. 0
Common dreams doesn't know what to do with themselves since Sanders ended his campaign. 0
I am pretty sure they are being sarcastic. 0
That is absolutely a ridiculous statement. 0
Plot twist... there is a Benghazi scandal! 0
The internals must be crappy. 0
You literally have no idea what the Hatch Act is or what it was designed to prevent. 0
A candidate that has denied the very tweets that he posted making those claims. 0
Not legally though. 0
"""Go to the moon and see Mormon corpses because 'we don't need spacesuits god will protect us!'""" 0
To be fair its very hard to remember his name 0
He's Pinnochio! 0
So it worked. 0
Nah to be consistent they should force everyone to donate tissue and organs to save another potential life. 0
Well if the DNC would stop feeding the trolls with the massive amount of corruption being exposed they would stop 0
Examples? 0
Your assuming Cheney believes his endorsement is a good thing. 0
"""People fought and died so that I could have the freedom to force other people to have the same political stance as I do or else I will punish them.""" 0
What was wrong with Harry Reid? 0
Is that a state decision (as in law) or the decision of each party in each state (as in a choice of the party)? 0
Nice to see obama doing some work now his time is up 0
Usama Bin Laden (D) 0
Ol' Belligerent McChestthumper 0
What kind of revisionist bullshit is that? 0
Pretty amazing this isn't on the front page. 0
He's leading in the most accurate poll of 2012. 0
Now why am I not surprised 0
Don't you mean future president Kanye? 0
'It's just how it works.' 0
It never stopped Bush. 0
This is why nobody should pick up meth. 0
Do you believe any newspaper endorsements are still relevant in this day and age? 0
The facts have a well-known liberal bias. 0
If it is anything like the nothing burgers of the Clinton Foundation I welcome it :D He probably will just dodge the debates like he did vs Sanders or Cruz cause he was afraid to 1v1 0
The person was attempting to belittle matters involving the Clinton inquiry. 0
Anyone happen to have a link to the interview where he stumbled on the coalition question? 0
How is she any more aggressive than any other candidate? 0
Literally 0
Concern trolling is my bet. 0
US left is still quite right in many issues in western scale. 0
that mofo is insane 0
The Dallas Cowboys are more popular in Philly than he is right now. 0
If the candidates can't answer a question without being coached beforehand they probably shouldn't be president. 0
On to the next lose that will be spun as a virtual tie 0
Fixing Bush's monumental fuckup catastrophe turned out to be expensive. 0
Better late than never. 0
This is why we need term limits. 0
She's a crook 0
Remember when DWS couldn't schedule debates because it's hard to get prime time? 0
"If those other things didn't ""scuttle her chances"" why isn'y she leading by double digits?" 0
Does Cheney believe his endorsement helps or hurts Trump? 0
I just can't figure out this is posturing to drive up turnout in NV with their base or if they're legitimately going after this. 0
The same cohort of 3000 every week? 0
The Electoral College is flawed. 0
RP did want FEDERAL personhood laws. 0
This is literally the only subreddit I've seen where people are making this excuse. 0
cool 0
Morocco is not in Europe. 0
re-read my comment stop attempting to put ideologies in my mouth fucking fascist. 0
One can only hope. 0
Because this is meant to make Obama look bad. 0
How much do you make? 0
Thanks for aways being around to Correct the Record. 0
"The impeachable offense would come when he deploys the Navy Seals to eradicate all the officials in the government office because ""terrorism""" 0
I am only half-joking when I ask.... Is it possible for there to be new levels of distrust toward Clinton? 0
Careful what you wish for. 0
no way Raisin Bran burns 0
How the fuck are the Democratic primaries less democratic than the Republican 'winner take all' primaries? 0
Is Clinton the Prince who was promised? 0
Wow that sounded sociopathic as fuck. 0
Maybe if they all had guns to revolt with. 0
I predict this could be the beginning of the end of SOPA. 0
Evidence? 0
Did you come up with that projection all by yourself? 0
Actually yes she did... Did you not watch the whole thing? 0
#1-- Speaking. 0
how does the electoral college prevent voter fraud? 0
It is a privately owned greenspace required by contract to be maintained as a public facility. 0
Yea that source doesn't sound biased or politically motivated at all........................ 0
But will the DNC eventually give up and support Sanders at the end of the primaries? 0
Are you suggesting that this article is about something offered to Hillary Clinton? 0
Do you have a job? 0
I played myself 0
This doesn't mean you no longer have to vote. 0
NRA advocates for bigger government! 0
Its taking away human rights to give more tools to the irresponsible to be even more irresponsible. 0
It does a fine job of exposing the hypocrites. 0
Who would have thought Rand would be a bigger nut than his father? 0
I only pointed out you have provided the response the article was written to solicit. 0
Education funding cuts 0
I wonder if they'll cut ties with the US until the US stops turning a blind eye to extremism at home. 0
So then we can agree that Comey is an upstanding tower of justice and should not be denigrated by the Democrats? 0
I was rooting for you. 0
This country doesn't have justice. 0
Well if the millionaires invested in American jobs and not Chinese factories then no one would need welfare. 0
yet when bankers smash laws to bits they are nowhere to be found. 0
She forced Trump to tell her she was beautfiul. 0
Im pretty sure just getting rid a trade deal does not mean we wi promote Uber drivers to positions they aren't qualified for... 0
Sadly I think John Goodman has lost too much weight for the Christie role. 0
Fuck Maher. 0
Gotta jerk off to something 0
I was parodying Trump. 0
You and Bannon would get along great I think 0
You sound incredibly perturbed over Donald Trump. 0
Disenfranchisement is cheating 0
The last time a Governor tried to prevent the enforcement of a court ruling the President nationalized the state's Guard and forced him to comply 0
Ludacris 0
Unless you're the LAPD. 0
I'm sure she'll tell them to knock it off... 0
Go ahead and quote where I said to trust the CIA. 0
At least there's no pressure. 0
"Republicans have to say the word ""tyranny"" because they can't get away with saying ""ni***r"" on TV." 0
Neither are the good guys. 0
Always need someone to fix the machines. 0
Why didn't they call it the dirty trick political attack it is/was. 0
Talk radio has been conservative-dominated for decades. 0
And made Benjamin Franklin the first Postmaster General. 0
Jeb's nomination announcement comes to mind. 0
It's Obamas all the way down. 0
Kasichs loss. 0
Only if Pence goes with him. 0
and then he got fat again. 0
So in the US there is checks and balances AND festering corruption? 0
Dude it's been 80 years 0
This is the DNC reminding you of a real democrat Mario Cuomo and how they don't make em like they used to anymore. 0
So why were you LOLing at my comment that was basically pro-Bernie? 0
would you say there are binders full of these women? 0
Making shit up and then calling people stupid when they don't do your research. 0
"I guess that's where you say "" looks like my job here is done """ 0
It's like no one here understands how to work in the real world. 0
change... where have I heard that before? 0
How about Rand 0
You're right. 0
Cannot wait. 0
sure it'll absolutely be older voters fault if we get trump since they nominated the candidate under fbi investigation with record high unfavorables that even democrats don't like. 0
Is he the surgeon general for the Republicans now? 0
That's a very solution oriented comment 0
Dementor kiss 0
So you want Bernie supporters to vote for a third party candidate instead of Hillary to ensure a republican gets to nominate supreme court justices for the next 4-8 years? 0
Would President Obama pardon you? 0
The IRS has said that Trump can release his tax returns at any time 0
A well written piece. 0
NO U 0
Thanks Obama! 0
What scares me is that I can't tell if you're serious or not... 0
The sociological definition of racism /= the traditional definition 0
The average Joe in this country will still vote for their team regardless of what happens ....its all too late people love rooting for their team ....things will not change until its uncomfortable enough for the average Joe and by that point it will most likely be far to late That doesn't mean we don't fight but it does mean that the odds are not in our favor 0
She doesn't need them.... 0
*That we know of 0
You realize how low inflation rates are right now...right? 0
What a charming fellow. 0
Randy did. 0
Seems like a choice between a punch or a kick to the balls. 0
Just because she's leading on the score board doesn't make her appeal inherently. 0
How about we not steal people's inheritance? 0
Si 0
He is backtracking on everything except for divvying up the USA to Russian interests. 0
So who's paying the people that have moved all the ice from the arctic? 0
Google Access Hollywood Donald Trump Billy Bush. 0
Perhaps you can find a Youtube video that will explain this for you. 0
I'm not sure if you are aware how companies operate and jobs work. 0
It seems like they both are getting a bit of scrutiny. 0
I'll buy them a plane ticket to Syria. 0
So Trump and his entourage winning abot rigged elections was just a joke or did America elect a president who represents very few American values? 0
Paul Manafort is trying to figure out where Trump's phone is at right now. 0
Joke candidates memorabilia doesn't increase *that* much in value. 0
So they brought someone in to fudge things up even more? 0
"I think ""another decade"" is extremely optimistic." 0
Homegrown? 0
Majority *of American Voters*. 0
Trumpet tries to make an ironic post but accidentally makes a factual statement. 0
I hope you appreciate the irony of your post in response to his comment. 0
Let me know when you want to plant some firm goalposts. 0
Dat boi. 0
Didn't learn it at my fairly highly ranked public high school and didn't take any history classes in college. 0
Remember when Hillary said Bernie should apologize to the families of the victims of Sandy Hook? 0
Is that why campuses are becoming more censored than the Bible belt? 0
Good troll 0
Huehuehue I cashed in that karma cow. 0
What war did Clinton start? 0
Why? 0
That's kind of hard for a hypocrite. 0
...and I get berated when I say that you just cannot possibly have a discussion with these people. 0
Get used to it - pay cuts for working people and lower taxes for the 1% if he gets to the whitehouse. 0
Him and Hilldog actually. 0
I was being sarcastic but people actually believe that apparently 0
Do you care to tell me what it is lobbyists do exactly? 0
Don't you mean BASTA! 0
CNNs sad attempt to start a sanders controversy. 0
"I guess her next move is a ""leaked"" sex tape." 0
Christianity poses the biggest threat to Christianity. 0
Exactly my thinking. 0
Like signing on to work for the Trump campaign. 0
Way to take responsibility and agency away from individuals choosing to engage in acts of violence. 0
This election is the new low of American politics. 0
He did always seem to be the brains of the organization. 0
"""Do you have a Tic Tac?""" 0
K. 0
"Nothing like *Dred Scott* to promote the cause of pro-""life""" 0
Something something... Citizens United... Money is free speech... That's how the trials will go... 0
The NHL toyed with a Seattle expansion had the Bucks relocated to Seattle. 0
You're standard for a candidate is whether they do an AMA on Reddit? 0
That makes more sense. 0
I've gone from being a high-school dropout to one of the highest level technical professions in my field in the world - and I've worked like a dog to achieve this. 0
It has absolutely nothing to do with her speaking her mind and everything to do with her being a reprehensible human being. 0
*borderline* 0
"""Purposefully obtuse"" sounds like a great alternative to ""Hillary supporter""." 0
It helps that nobody lives there in comparison to a state like California...I'd rlthat her be homeless in California than either dakota 0
"Martin: "" I bel..."" ""Thank you governor.""" 0
Trump is not going to destroy globalism. 0
Not to mention that the tea party is a bunch of batshiat crazy traitors. 0
Or people that don't support him are simply getting tired of the relentless spam and not coming here anymore 0
I bet she wasn't even on the Swift boats 0
A lot of people do. 0
The economy is in better shape the when the republicans were in power in 2008. 0
Feinstein is a legislative terrorist. 0
A true socialist would just find a bunch of other socialists to vote for a bunch of non-socialists to stand up for them. 0
So edgy! 0
"I like Obamacare more than the Republican ""I Don't Care""." 0
Comrade Trump is used to the bracing winter winds of Kolyma! 0
Or we could just eliminate the middleman and switch to popular vote.... 0
Blue 0
Just stay out of Colorado Springs. 0
Republican candidates are free to create their own version of history and state it as face. 0
I'll be watching for his blinks in Morse code. 0
Correction: PENCE is going to install 2-3 justices 0
What an insult to the sixth-graders of this country. 0
Yeah if you could not use a tragedy to push your politics that would great 0
"The Obama administration in a nutshell ""weak tea""" 0
She entered legally. 0
Terrorists can't all be right-wing religious nuts. 0
"Is dude a white male :p I'm just dying to know who else would think ""persecution"" means being told that you're ignorant or uneducated or that your opinion could be *gasp* wrong." 0
And yet we still have people pushing the notion that Clinton is the one being treated unfairly and that her enemies deserve more scrutiny. 0
he means if they can no longer win another presidential election. 0
Are you saying we've been flim-flammed? 0
Fuck Turning Point USA. 0
"""I don't think it will happen"" *translation* I've got my people calling the networks and letting them know this *better not* happen..." 0
I don't think Trump even knows what the word drought means. 0
Accepted by them or by scholars? 0
Thanks for correcting the record here. 0
r/Im14andthisisdeep 0
honeybunch 0
You're just jealous you didn't think of it... 0
wat 0
Link? 0
That's a lot like saying that Hurricane Rita was not as bad as Katrina. 0
Absolutely 0
It doesn't help that polling doesn't support your arguement... 0
Are you being sarcastic? 0
It's my experience that these people can be so entrenched that they view the book as no less than faux. 0
Remember when people collectively lost their shit for Howard Dean in the 2004 election and thought he was a lock *before* a single primary vote was held? 0
They don't have to let you know they have interviewed her tho. 0
I would be more inclined to call it a police state/dictatorship Dictatorships absolutely love to use fear as a way of getting the people to cooperate. 0
Thank you for misspelling corporation so I could see what they really are... 0
i pitty her husband 0
Europe saw him for the truth. 0
But was Pelosi sober enough to even understand what the kid said? 0
It's no secret that she thinks the Bill of Rights is negotiable. 0
We don't need to risk creating any Knights Radiant on the Republican side... 0
What makes you think socioeconomic isn't to blame? 0
Someone tell me his account was hacked...please. 0
You mean after Trump gets decimated? 0
Yes because Clinton administration was definitely on par with the Bush administration. 0
Relevant username 0
Please don't make me picture that. 0
Barack Obama's only had the one wife. 0
Still waiting on the proof that the constitution was about to be successfully amended before DOMA was passed. 0
So many good points being made! 0
FBI made the point that she didn't. 0
Keep in mind you're talking to a bunch of community college drop-outs that haven't taken a single micro or macroeconomics class in their entire life. 0
Truthiness 0
BREAKS THE INTERNET 0
How does one become a delegate? 0
I wonder if you can bet on this in Vegas? 0
Wow it sounds like that might be the logical thing to do! 0
Probably due to your relatively short lifetime (see user name). 0
Maybe he wants his posts graded on a curve. 0
Cancel order. 0
You mean like everywhere? 0
Robert Reich interview with Trump fan on this matter was trending in Facebook yesterday. 0
"I assume the standard ""No Smoking"" regulations still apply?" 0
Like it is right now? 0
It's my favorite subreddit. 0
Didn't the Republicans do some debates with CNN mods? 0
So she is going to the glue factory! 0
Sad that Supreme Court is the only argument the Clinton camp can make to progressives.. 0
Are you saying you want to amend the constitution? 0
Ignoring all of the legal reasons why it is necessary to have the state involved... 0
She was better after she had some water.. 0
Double bag it. 0
Clinton being under investigation and being interviewed aren't facts? 0
He seems to be ignoring that question. 0
Maybe they did 0
Not if the administration decides to not defend it. 0
War criminals congratulating war criminals. 0
How so? 0
How about its not ok for either one? 0
what's wrong with israel? 0
You forgot you're on your alt. 0
Chicken Noobs here we come! 0
But fluent in Spanish. 0
Someone has never heard of strategic voting in a primary. 0
Do you see some trend going on? 0
This implies that there is something to be done. 0
Are talking to me here or the person above me? 0
The penalty being doctors would starve if they didn't take medicare patients because the only other option is people who are rich enough to buy premium insurance or pay cash. 0
Soon to be known as Putin Tower. 0
Clearly anyone who works at the FBI are Russian because of this. 0
God forbid we stop offering abortions for men. 0
It's TMZ for DC. 0
Fundamental transformation. 0
It's the alpha way bruh 0
that would be an inefficiency. 0
But it would encourage everyone to vote 3rd party for once. 0
Making someone disappear generally means assassination. 0
Showering would be more effective 0
The IRS loves me so much that they audit me every year. 0
The maliciousness came from the VP's office. 0
those brands you see at walgreens are all probably owned by 1 or 2 huge parent companies. 0
Will he next admit to never having an original thought? 0
Being tolerant doesn't mean tolerating lying bigots. 0
Volunteers don't work for the campaign? 0
"Maybe they should have paid for the ""fast lane.""" 0
You did not even address the points in the post you responded to. 0
I just hope they also touch on violent crime statistics and not just blaming the system. 0
Who were told theyd be paid 0
"""The Manchurian Idiot""" 0
Yet the Rolling Thunder crowd seem willing to ignore the transgressions of the draft dodging Trump. 0
Maybe it's the society that hates whites 0
It might have been positive when he mentioned it. 0
It makes him a politician that is not going to get my vote next time around. 0
versus the hundreds of thousands affected by Clintons actions... 0
Mike Pence is the worst thing about the Trump-Pence ticket. 0
His hands are the perfect size to grab puppet pussy! 0
Trumps catching up... lol 0
Ooh la la 0
While I am not a Paul supporter I do think the debates between him and Obama would be worlds more interesting than Romney and Obama. 0
Sounds like you're suffering even worse than the upper middle class. 0
damn 0
He's gotta distract his constituents from the horrible job he's doing by showing he's racist! 0
At least he didn't invite Trump on a hunting trip... 0
First on my list of places to retire. 0
this IS south carolina. 0
More proof he's a fascist. 0
5 points is hardly murder. 0
"No.. No no.. ""Clean **CARBON-NEUTRAL** coal"" FTFY" 0
I'm sure Jared and Ivanka are cool with an anti-semite. 0
Sanders can't even win in the DNC lmao 0
Loving the free market idealists defending these stores using the public coffers as their private piggy banks. 0
They were never *hers* to begin with 0
Yeah I reckon the democrat convention will be waaaaaaay more heated than the republican one. 0
Someone get them a participation trophy and put and end to this! 0
no joke and all that is maybe 35-40% of **one** of the leaked links...i can only imagine the amount of Physical paperwork the fbi is sitting on. 0
Hear hear. 0
Except *everyone* is talking about it 0
You're not forgotten 0
"""freedom of ass-ociations""" 0
We must pass the TPP! 0
Progressives are referred to as retards. 0
GA might end up being a swing state but third party has my vote regardless 0
I'm pretty sure vote machines are not connected to the Internet. 0
Like leaving a hotel door ajar during a break-in! 0
"""just the tip.""" 0
I'm pretty sure I never argued otherwise. 0
Its the ray of sunshine in a nuclear winter 0
God doesn't need a warrant. 0
"""I eat [my] nails when I wake up [after my debate performance]""" 0
Where's Clinton? 0
This story was written long before Comey sent his letter to Congress. 0
Okay but we're talking about gay marriage not late term abortions. 0
Michigan has a republican governor and legislature buddy. 0
But after that- that's year 1 0
There is if you think the program should end after its paid out to you. 0
Funny thing is when the Conservatives in Canada tried ads attacking character they got laughed at by most people 0
Right and there have never been controversial Op-Eds in the New York Times or WaPo ... 0
Because he doesn't exist in a vacuum? 0
Apparently one of those people is himself and he's doing a pretty good job so far. 0
Sounds like he's been watching the world cup. 0
He wasn't in the primaries. 0
This whole election is just way over your head. 0
He isn't a creationist and he doesn't believe in magic water remedies? 0
It's not a reason to vote for her it's simply a celebration of the historic moment! 0
Figures that you can't read. 0
Lol a bit more than creepy kisses I'd say... 0
Cool 0
You know you're in the middle of a shit show when the Arabs and Jews have to team together. 0
Just 20%? 0
Iraq had nothing to do with attacking the United States. 0
Or they require backup candidates maybe. 0
Why did she pretend to adopt those policies to begin with? 0
Please retract your sexist statement. 0
Currently it just seems like a war against a corrupt woman and corrupt system propping that woman up. 0
"""Misstating"" it's called a ""Lie""." 0
Ugh a front for pj. 0
He needs to get back on the tanning bed and turn the knob all the way up to 11. 0
Trump's the guy that would show up with four other guys to do the dirty work 0
It's like the big tobacco bullshit all over again. 0
I think Christie is just terrified of something that might make him want to eat even more. 0
"""Our job is done here boys""" 0
I bet throwing that Joker line in sounded really edgy and clever in your head. 0
It's 2016 how could they? 0
"""Rigging the election"" resonates with people that already think that the media and government are acting against them." 0
Words are like bullets. 0
Depends whether he suspends or ends his campaign and when she gets indicted. 0
Which is why I made a joke about every speed being sacred. 0
Neither of them are allies. 0
Some aren't buying that it's a pretty decent foundation. 0
Still works! 0
You're the puppet! 0
Paul doesn't want the government to be the arbiter of what is and what isn't a marriage. 0
Are you denying they came from the future? 0
She just had the common decency to maintain the lie. 0
I don't think you understand statistics and their application to polling 0
Hope they heed that good advice. 0
The best flatulence drumpfets* 0
The pro-Hillary circlejerk on this sub is annoying. 0
I believe the tipping point he is concerned with surrounds his career 0
Just put it back to 1992 levels. 0
"""We got what we wanted and the party is stronger "" &lt;------ that is what the fuck is wrong with them in a nutshell" 0
This is what I agree with most 0
A pussy grab is always appropriate for Diddlin' Donny. 0
Bingo. 0
She wrote books and made speeches. 0
I'm so ecstatic for the opportunity to call/write my Senator's offices *again* begging them not to approve yet another theocratic fucknut appointee of Trump. 0
I'm surprised that any article on any newspaper in North Korea didn't contain at least 5 or 6 references to how great the Great Leader is. 0
Only a fucking gullible retard could possibly think the US is the greatest country on earth. 0
I didn't know that motorcycles were a new tool used to perform abortions... Thank goodness these politicians are experts on the human body! 0
Now that's an old reference right there 0
No one said he played it well. 0
Why did you repost an article that is almost a month old? 0
"Anyone else realize its the same tactic as their ""war on Christmas"" pretty transparent to my anyways." 0
r/youseecomrade 0
He should've been doing this for years! 0
k 0
I meant all right wingers if it makes you feel better. 0
"Care to explain what is now ""illegal"" as a result of this trademark no longer being upheld?" 0
How the hell does a psychotropic drug have fewer side effects? 0
And when he goes bankrupt again he can just get the Treasury to give him a loan. 0
The Irony is strong with that comment. 0
Now that's a good point well made. 0
Wait ... I thought Warren Buffet was one of those Communist Antichrist Socialists ... 0
TL:DR version of the above post: The only people allowed to have a say in American democracy are the well-educated and the rich. 0
Is the harm in the societal consequence (a person dying) or the suffering endured by the victim? 0
I think that concept is beyond your keen. 0
there is no more cake! 0
So you want to be living in mexico? 0
concealed carry permit laws are about as stupid as drug tax stamp laws. 0
the fucking irony of someone complaining about authoritarianism while defending someone that spread bullshit neo-nazi propaganda (including anti-semitic tweets) to elect Donald Trump - the most authoritarian president in years. 0
They both work for the Russians now. 0
Source for taxes going up on blue collar workers? 0
Frakkin Mubarak thugs doing it on purpose to him and the other western journos. 0
Google fiber will never come in this analogy if everyone uses the other two... 0
But but but is anyone surprised here? 0
Thank you. 0
Exactly 0
Again no one gives a shit. 0
K 0
Al Sharpton: Blueberry 0
There gonna be some cannibalism up in this motha fucka. 0
You probably shouldn't have applied at a place with a union. 0
Last I checked the editors for the Washington Post and the Huffington Post were not literally the CEO of Hillary's campaign. 0
It's ironic that the Republicans have decided to only let Obama serve 3/5ths of his term. 0
you really should seek help 0
I'm *sure* the DOJ will be all over it. 0
Ouch. 0
I'm sure it will serve as the dog whistle you intend it to be in the other subs you posted this on. 0
That's because half of them are illegal 0
How do you get that question from me stating that Ron Paul is a quack for wanting to go back to the gold standard? 0
PrayforMichelle 0
Fifty Shades of Gray. 0
thats my presidential candidate! 0
Controversy and shit flinging absolutely lost them this election. 0
Like the fact that Obama is stepping down and he was the one founding the rebels with saudi arabia ? 0
And for a long time before this. 0
If you think of them as people it's harder to dismiss their opinions without critical thought. 0
whatever speaks to your heart. 0
Thanks for the thoughtful conversation. 0
"s/b Radical Christian Terrorism (to align with Republican phrase ""Radical Islamic Terrorism"")" 0
Defiantly not worried about antiaircraft missile locations in western Pro-Russian controlled Ukraine. 0
"Progressives do so much more to prevent abortion than ""pro-life"" anti choice fanatics." 0
So Hillary is the new George W. Bush? 0
Do you honestly think there's a 5 percent chance he'll get the nomination? 0
Grew up in the center...can confirm it is like Alabama. 0
Lie! 0
The founding fathers thought that guns were a good solution to a political problem. 0
Never heard a joke before? 0
Who's being aggressive? 0
historians came to a consensus on something? 0
Paper cut? 0
Who? 0
Maybe he's like a Super-Saiyan or something. 0
Bloomberg isn't winning shit except votes from HIllary. 0
No honesty or accountability. 0
Yes she is. 0
Do we really want to play these games about who has shitty supporters? 0
I was just mentioning it because it's on the ballot in my state and it's about the only thing on the ballot that doesn't have an obvious winner right off the bat. 0
All sales have background checks already. 0
But at least he's not a Dingo... 0
I need new white friends. 0
You got REKT! 0
Why are the poorly educated so conservative? 0
As opposed to our noble intelligent politicians? 0
It worked out great in Kansas. 0
He could be even more helpful if he pushed for reclassification of marijuana. 0
What exactly is fake about this news? 0
Didn't you read the news last week where they moved the NY/NJ border 10 miles east to Brooklyn to gain those all-important senate seats? 0
I believe he was joking to make a point. 0
I hope this is true. 0
Where do they differ policy wise? 0
A message from your 46th President. 0
Sans the deliberately unsecure private server. 0
For some reason I see buying copious amounts of confederate flags and then burning them money well spent. 0
God... so much soros money.. I don't know what to do with it all! 0
So an IP ban? 0
That's fine but the real option is a corrupt washington insider who thinks transperency and accountability are bad words vs a uneducated highschool bully 0
Anti-nuke is pro-oil unless you know something energy experts dont. 0
How long before he's branded a RINO? 0
So don't complain about the candidate she helped to prop up 0
But can we really trust anything he says? 0
Somebody break out the bag pipes for No True Scotsman. 0
Is that why his face is melted? 0
It is funny how they all have the same talking point. 0
I'm sorry I read on the Red Scare but I have no idea how this pertains to my comment and OP's comment. 0
The Clinton side was so small and they were so outnumbered by Sanders supporters that I busted out laughing when they cheered for Hillary. 0
Isn't that what pot is for? 0
You better get your Mommy to blow your nose and wipe your eyes crybaby. 0
Globalization cuts *both* ways. 0
YuoTube links are invariably the shittiest possible content posted here. 0
All of their candidates are revolting. 0
"He truly has ""the best people.""" 0
Where in my comment do I say you do? 0
I don't think they regret Palin at all they still show her on fox news and say no ill will no matter how ludicrous her thoughts have become. 0
Sanders could come out pro dog fighting and his supporters here would twist it to somehow be a positive. 0
Only rich straight white men are fit to judge Trump! 0
*only if you are brown 0
You're a fucking white male! 0
Don't forget the WWE! 0
.......wat. 0
And that is very weird. 0
You know 0
Time for education camps. 0
I'm sorry... What? 0
despite wildly different ideologies they actually support many of the same policies I don't like this article 0
The BLM movement is going the way of the Occupy movement.... People are getting tired of this shit and are tuning it out. 0
False equivalence 0
But was he screeching when he said it? 0
Citation 0
They have been predicting Obama would suspend elections and make himself dictator the last two elections...projection as usual with these clowns 0
Read that as candidates at first 0
A tax break doesnt help people barely making it afford things that are already too expensive. 0
"Where's the ""Replacement"" the Republicans have had 6 years to create and vote on?" 0
Socialism is unfair.... 0
I might believe you if I thought you had anything close to a source for that rant. 0
Need for Speed II for Windows 95 0
Instead of banning it they should just legislate that edibles can't look like normal food or candy. 0
And do absolutly nothing to change anything 0
Now a days it's more about the color green. 0
People said the same thing when the story came out that the president was sucking off interns in the oval office. 0
ZOMG TEH AGENDA 21 LIBERTY 0
She'll release the transcripts as soon as she figures out how playing white noise really loud can prevent anyone from reading them. 0
(Trump wins the election) 0
*X-Files music plays* 0
This 0
Conditioning us to be obedient unquestioning workers. 0
I think he's trying to win the election by some sort of integer underflow 0
"Only 4 more days left for R-Asmussen to change their secret ""likely voter"" model and shift left closer to what the other pollsters have been reporting so that they can be graded as accurate by their final polls." 0
Talk about lunatics highjacking a peaceful religion. 0
"I'm not sure it gets processed that far... I think it's ""MY MONEY MY MONEY""" 0
Now if the GOP could only show that any of that was happening... The only people who buy that bullshit narrative are those who couldn't give a shit about facts. 0
Will they 'self-deport'? 0
Is he ever not wrong about anything? 0
Yes. 0
*Fewer 0
...AND you're on a list 0
With a name like hungwell I'm sure you are a man of great intellectual gravitas. 0
She won't. 0
I hate him for embracing and adopting all of the crimes of the Bush Cabal. 0
I give up... Who? 0
She'll look into it. 0
You are also a fuck tard 0
Poor people can't find time in 3-4 weeks to vote or mail in a ballot? 0
Because we didn't forget the shenanigans that went down during the primary and refuse to vote for blatant corruption? 0
Yeah all those uneducated and poor white people that vote for the rich would hate it. 0
Only to Senators with tax payer subsidized government run healthcare plans from states with Public Options who ran on universal healthcare only to deny it to the rest of the American people. 0
very good point 0
If you look on the number of Palestinians alive over the last 100 years it is going to be very hard to claim any genocide is going on. 0
What if I'm a lazy and spoiled white person just looking for a hand-out? 0
More than you've ever done. 0
You do realize by calling all democrats bigoted you're being a bigot lol 0
That's nice. 0
The word subsidy is not in the article. 0
This would only increase the sales of the whizzinator a thousandfold. 0
Tea Party 'Conservatives' aren't big on learning. 0
He hasn't endorsed Trump. 0
He would have run out of Jews at some point! 0
"""THAT'S WHAT THEY OFFERED!""" 0
That's a lox spread bagel (toasted) with a canned beverage in the Bay Area. 0
That was almost a sentence. 0
Trying to repeal it for the 50th fucking time? 0
That's what you think. 0
Make like FDR and... Put Japanese people in camps? 0
Oh sweet succulent karma.... 0
I'm quite excited to see how far this 'unshackled' Trump can bury his party! 0
you had to do a study on this? 0
And they don't support 'Commie Bernie's neither so my point remains 0
Sad to say that the people who most benefit from this kind of plug-in are the least likely to use it. 0
His tax plan would have devastating effects on the economy. 0
ya.. that's what I was thinking 0
Nor tell Howard Sternthat his lower age limit is 12. 0
Basically you have two Republican choices which should (not will) lead to higher conservative turnout so better downballot voting share 0
*Wealth interhitors 0
Hopefully her mom won't get scared. 0
Hillary turns heel for Wreslemania 0
Russian meddling ok though apparently. 0
*6 months later*: Unions for federal employees stripped of powers rendering them obsolete. 0
And that's why the single payer system in England is collapsing like Obamacare. 0
That's illegal. 0
example please... 0
Bernie has had the worst attendance record in the Senate this year. 0
Or like an Aggie QB stomping off the field and whining at Bevo for distracting him. 0
Sound like you need a prescription for fucitol. 0
Why does the father of a criminal being at a public Hillary rally matter? 0
This is what I'm telling the Hillary supporters I know who are perplexed by her VP pick. 0
Or I'll just pay for my health insurance 0
thats not something I ever said 0
Fuck given here. 0
Who wants to start a bet on whether or not the city will refund the tickets or not? 0
You should see the local 'media' coverage at the local level in Indiana - alt right heaven/porn-fest 0
I'm against Trump but you are really stretching here. 0
Does he want to eventually get impeached because this is how you get impeached 0
Seems pretty great for her then - she has an out if a debate would hurt her poll numbers. 0
Pretty much. 0
You keep saying Clinton is everything that is wrong with the system but never explain why. 0
why stop the momentum though in terms of getting people involved with the process? 0
I Don't think the second half of the anger interpretater joke was actually a joke. 0
What a great way to reach the real working America! 0
priests? 0
The Pauls are typical Southern Republicans. 0
We aren't talking about Hillary 0
Whine more. 0
There's your version and the mothers version so.... 0
Okay and it said absolutely nothing because he's still the freaking president of the US. 0
You're right of course. 0
That's a first. 0
Did they count the hanging chads too? 0
People who expected the asshole to keep his word about all the goddamn changes did though. 0
Do you have any proposals? 0
But this is in secular case law. 0
"If his ""brand"" is being the joke of the country...then yes." 0
Thanks for clearing that up with your anecdotal evidence. 0
Questioning Intersex Unsure Asexual Pansexual 0
Look at all the Correct the Record shills swooping in and downvo....Oh...wait.... 0
"I think you missed the ""prime time"" part." 0
It would be nice if his presidency was unpresidented. 0
I believe you missed my point.... Glad you think my opinions should be dictated by what OP is doing. 0
If you thing being called out on your bullshit (ignoring things you don't like) is abuse then there is no further evidenced required to prove that you are child. 0
On the contrary - they have no problem at all with racism. 0
Apparently there's some vast left wing conspiracy to censor the Democratic front runner. 0
You sound pretty racist. 0
An audit trail does no good if audits are prohibited. 0
...white people started it! 0
So a federal statute that disqualifies the electoral votes of any state that refuses to place the candidate from national parties on the ballot would fix 'er right up. 0
This trump guy should run for president! 0
I like this comment because I can't tell if it's referring to Clinton's involvement in Libya or Donald Trump's idea to break up NATO and let Russia annex territories in Eastern Europe. 0
foolmuh cant get fooled again 0
and that's what people where saying about Barack H. Obama when he was polling lower numbers than Bernie is now. 0
"You need to be more specific: ""Any fortune 500 company would fire you if you used a private server for work when they explicitly trained you and ordered you to use their server.""" 0
Didn't he also hold the flag upside down or something? 0
I see lots of upvotes... 0
They are too restrictive. 0
Israel leans to Mitt. 0
~~Trump gets Utah~~ 0
You mean the guy that was President before Obama? 0
ohhhh that's why they turn out in droves for Hillary Clinton ... oh wait 0
Keep in mind that these same people probably see the people they are intimidating as second class citizens or worse. 0
"""Career surgeons have been doing operations in this country for too long!""" 0
Would they still have the GOP Elephant ears? 0
It's because Trump is the internet meme candidate 0
Dam son 0
At this point I'm starting to think at least a few of these are fakes 0
They elect a non-voting representative to the House. 0
I'd argue that any acts of war are wrong.... 0
"And we can't post this kind of stuff on ""r/news"" anymore... why?" 0
You fucken people cant take the truth. 0
That poor little man. 0
Trump should send a group of investigators like he did for Obama's birth certificate. 0
It's been going on for the past 100 years that they stopped calling it global warming and call it climate change. 0
That... That may be a brilliant resolution. 0
This has nothing to do with a free market 0
Pretty sure he called Trump a pussy 0
He's ___that___ effective! 0
All top engineering schools are the same 0
Does this surprise you given the board? 0
"Ah yes the ol' ""it's different for him"" mindset" 0
Team: Critical of Clintons Kooking 0
"maybe she'll tell us what us what that thing in her ear is in her next ""press conference""" 0
I hope she can throw on her pink kicks and some adult underwear again! 0
Not without being forced to do so. 0
So you would rather vote for a guy who kills innocent people with drone strikes then someone who is pro-life? 0
...kinda like Fox News. 0
It's an outlier just like the PRRI poll that had her +15 this morning. 0
Nightly... 3 AM? 0
When someone doesn't move after you shoot them or sick a dog on them.......they probably aren't alive/conscious. 0
Hypocrites and sycophants. 0
Not to anyone who isn't in Bernie's camp 0
Can we please stop pretending this man isn't a nut? 0
No one listens because they claim the whole election was rigged and stolen and then can't explain how she got 4 million more votes... 0
He's also not polling well among the KKK and other known hate groups. 0
Put people in jail for profit prisons are good and the slave labor they provide are frosting 0
This is one pussy I don't mind Trump grabbing. 0
I do expect the US to have a basic level of proper security in one of the more dangerous unstable countries. 0
I'll count that as a win for me. 0
Oh we're still repeating this one? 0
She was the star of the article. 0
Enlighten me. 0
Then you are unintelligent. 0
doot doot 0
He doesn't know because democrats have no idea the amount of fun control we already have and have been 'compromising' with gun rights for 60 years now. 0
So the event that caused hundreds of gun control bills to be introduced and created a hysteria across the nation is to be shrouded in secrecy? 0
Ain't that the truth. 0
Trumps losing general election polls to Sanders(by a landslide) and already dropped one of the ealirer primary states to carson 0
You're Welcome 0
Screen your calls... ? 0
The Watchmen 0
Lol Breitbart downvote 0
Can you blame them? 0
"""It would be worth considering"" That's not outright support." 0
Why can't she just go the fuck away? 0
Because you people somehow think that a foreign power trying to influence our election is not a national security issue. 0
No its just disappointing to see someone who wants the rest of society to be tolerant act in such a hypocritical way. 0
Stop acting like a child and read the emails to get your answer. 0
97-1 0
Is this Rupert Murdoch's reddit account? 0
Well I don't hear the media talking about it that much. 0
Like a chiropractor. 0
nothing new here - both Donald Zika Trump and Mike Ebola Pence have taken the art of blatantly lying to a new level. 0
He should be arrested simply for wasting that delicious bacon. 0
Jimmy Fallon had to learn that you don't join the basket of deplorables they throw you in with the rest of us. 0
It's been bipartisan effort for years now... 0
lol That was funny 0
Republitaint. 0
Which is another way of saying that he dislikes the people he seeks to 'lead'. 0
Thanks Mike Pence! 0
Clap. 0
Best reverse 8D backgammon player 0
Is that a real question? 0
Not in this sub we don't. 0
I remember when they called it for Gore too... 0
Isn't this that one single pollster that had Romney winning in 2012? 0
Hint: They're probably a prosecutor. 0
Ah ok. 0
Can't contradict the dumb ass right Mike? 0
About time. 0
Religions of today are a perversion of what they were when they began. 0
Everyone thinks they're opinions are extreme and this posts caters to that. 0
Too bad she won't use her powers for good. 0
If they have survived on it and have a little left over why should they not do something fun like go to the cinema? 0
The last thing you want to do while campaigning is snub the Vatican. 0
Only some of them. 0
nah. 0
He's pro-choice of a new young blonde wife every few years... 0
he does this on every single thread 0
I can only assume this article is satire... Surely no-one over the age of 8 legitimately thinks and writes like this? 0
That's some Roosevelt shit right there. 0
I think this is a very human tendency... Sad indeed. 0
If you can't tell the difference then you're completely delusional... 0
but dude she's old and can't use email it's basically the same thing. 0
Do I hear three? 0
thats like comparing shit to poop 0
Just because they provide facts and you feel that facts have a decidedly anti-bernie and anti-trump bias doesn't make them any less factual 0
I sure will because I do not believe in basing the treatment of an entire category of people for what individuals within it do. 0
Just like Acorn 0
you don't need to waste money on bottled water after a mine collapses on you because safety measures were deemed too expensive and your life was viewed as expendable. 0
Then Reddit probably isn't the place for you 0
What moves did she learn from the transformation? 0
I think they are to the drills at dynamite at this point. 0
You gotta comment with some nuance or no one will take you seriously. 0
Really? 0
"You need to edit the ""wall"" one out of your copypasta." 0
The democratic primary this year has exposed my fellow democrats as hypocrites and it makes me sick. 0
Feels for you buddy I'm a libertarian socialist and leans to the Green Party mostly. 0
Jon Kerry. 0
He drained it and found oil! 0
If they were rigged then we would be dealing with this idiot. 0
That's why Ted Cruz is so frightening. 0
How badly do you think Ryan wishes Donald would just *shut up* until election day. 0
"I stopped reading when they interviewed a ""gay Republican""" 0
But what about what we don't yet fear? 0
I am disgusted for my countrymen that it was actually less than half. 0
You really think that Trump has been the bastion of honesty? 0
Depending on the state you live in vote green party to end FPTP shitty voting system. 0
#DNCLeaks Have at it. 0
"Maybe they'll make another ""Hairspray"" about it." 0
What is incorrect about this? 0
Fuck Cruz. 0
low dem turnout says otherwise 0
That book lied Kim Jong un doesn't poop or pee everyone else does FTFY 0
Please explain how previous government forays into socialism justify more adventures with government confiscation and distribution? 0
We have proof of Climate Change being a Chinese hoax? 0
Does China actually outlaw those jobs? 0
This just in: all news is opinionated. 0
Sure will.. just blacked every line out except Hillary and clinton 0
Me too 0
It's like Blackwater *without the government there to back it up and fund it*. 0
That may work with half their voters but pain can bring clarity. 0
Do you work at Walmart or on Wall Street? 0
Why bother with confrontation when the lapdog media will use hyperbole to demonize them? 0
Repeat 2012 VP debates. 0
This super PAC is very closely aligned with Clinton 0
"""WE WANT RUMP""" 0
there are probably a few actual billionaires that would help with the legal fees of anybody who broke them...probably some law firms that would take it pro-bono too just to fuck with Trump. 0
Did someone hurt your feels? 0
Rough day? 0
We always mention how many jobs are created but we never mention how many have been lost? 0
I knew you would run and hide 0
It is a slap fight among teenagers arguing over dick size. 0
Let the hate flow -D.Vader 0
Trumpet is too pussy. 0
Haven't been keeping up with the news? 0
"As the Germans used to chant whilst protesting the war in Viet Nam : ""Amis raus aus USA""." 0
This just might be my fav part of this entire circus act. 0
lucky Obama didnt drone strike him 0
Whether you are actually going to go through with voting for the GOP. 0
You mean... The DoJ doesn't tell the truth? 0
people can add almost anything to a bill regardless of what the bill is about 0
"You mean the fact free ""Wahhhh...I didn't go to college and live in the sticks and won't move to get a better job and now I've been left behind wahahhhhh"" part of the electorate that actually turned out in droves and voted for this clown?" 0
Face palm 0
Thanks Obama 0
"May I suggest: ""baked out"" instead ?" 0
You are describing another corrosive affect of gerrymandering. 0
But they share so many letters! 0
Not a protected group. 0
By gutting education* 0
Good example of hoping the public will shoot the messenger and ignore the message. 0
Lots and lots of snowflakes care. 0
Stereotypes and conjecture don't make compelling arguments. 0
"Just a nice way to say ""time to gtfo and let us build this thing""" 0
Oh for god's sake 0
The Keystone is irrelevant because of the drop in oil prices. 0
I don't really care about GMO labels. 0
Those *sources* being the voices inside of Hannity's head that he begs to stop when no one else is around. 0
Almost everyone is a little bit racist. 0
Clinton's numbers with voters in the 100-119 age block must be phenomenal. 0
Do you have her quoted saying this? 0
I want to see if your beliefs are based on theory or practice. 0
Dat integrity. 0
Jill Stein will not win a single congressional district. 0
I didn't see that one ... it sure goes with the implication that she is not qualified to make sound judgements and with the Judicial Watch article 0
If only all those rich people in Wisconsin would stop voting for him! 0
The lesser of two evils is still evil. 0
Why not? 0
Are any of those expensive? 0
That would be a great start but it's not that easy - even if we cut the DOD budget in half (by 200-300 billion/yr) that's still not going to be enough to fix our budget problems. 0
Vote by mail. 0
"Past year: ""Bernie supporters follow their candidate blindly and don't think for themselves"" ITT: ""Bernie supporters are idiots and are defying and ignoring their own candidate""" 0
I'm sorry you are being pedantic and could only find 1.5 month-old articles that claim the reports couldn't be substantiated. 0
"I get the feeling jindal was looking in the mirror when called the republicans the 'stupid party""." 0
Bernie is pro-marijuana legalization. 0
EVEN BETTER! 0
One word: Education. 0
Enjoy the ban again 0
He also can't read. 0
The Kochs don't need any Democratic help. 0
SCIENCE! 0
Which is? 0
Burn too. 0
Most relevant username yet. 0
Is George now Bernie Sanders? 0
The best thing Congress can do here is nothing (which has been it's modus operandi as of late anyway). 0
And the bus is being driven by the Trump campaign. 0
It's likely. 0
Is that a threat of violence from you? 0
Turnabout is fair play right? 0
"My mom knows what ""(C)"" stands for." 0
ha ha i live in sweden and i am an atheist. 0
No like T_D subscribers are actually majority children lol 0
Charity = Mormon Church 0
"The house has passed 29 bills to try and help hiring by removing some ""red tape"" none of which have been allowed on the senate floor." 0
Why don't YOU dig for the news reports and provide links since they were apparently all over the place? 0
This is why I call it the lamestream media. 0
DNC Corruption I assume. 0
"""Bad orange head man make Vox angry""" 0
this is also the first i've heard of it :/ maybe there's so much sanders we miss important sanders news 0
"Thank God laws are written down and not just applied how you ""feel"" they should be applied." 0
Yeah basically. 0
"they are't able to ""think""..." 0
It'd be more like fort Knox being guarded by a couple privates. 0
You make me fucking sick... We don't need your kind here.. 0
... boring 0
Change in debt to GDP ratio is what is relevant here and it's not an accounting trick. 0
Carlos Danger on the other hand... 0
This is America 0
Dumb fucking cunt. 0
I'm glad to see that Comey's mistakes don't have lasting consequences for others. 0
How is appearence relevant? 0
duh.... 0
Isn't this common sense as religion has always been a way to oppress certain groups that the religion disagrees with? 0
Trump would be a disaster and that ~~if~~ *when* he crashed the economy FTFY 0
I vomited that day. 0
amen. 0
The book is always better 0
I'd settle for just seeing if he can manage to string 2 coherent sentences together. 0
I kinda wish your parents never took the time to reproduce. 0
Why do people want this man to be President? 0
Why is it hilarious to you? 0
Can't tell if serious... 0
3 death threats in one thread....I love you man! 0
"It depends on what your meaning of the word ""is"" is." 0
Grats. 0
Here is where you should have pointed to examples proving your point of Democrats... 0
Why not his son for 9/11? 0
Not surprised at all 0
So I guess 7 billion people are all wrong.... what are the odds 0
This is what happens when the Democratic Party dehumanizes their Republican opponents as evil racist bigots (they're not). 0
That's always my question - who is this fat fuck to tell anyone else to lose weight? 0
Did Hillary say all Trump supporters were bigots? 0
Same as me. 0
Supporter of Hillary here and can confirm was laughing my ass off at the way they made fun of her. 0
Milo is very gay. 0
Cruz isn't counting on winning the election as mush as he is counting on negotiating for it. 0
Because it is theft. 0
Why would that matter? 0
They have promised to wait until just before the General. 0
Unfortunately he plays by the same disgusting corruptible rules everyone else plays by. 0
But that would probably loose them most of the moderate vote which would almost certainly cost them the election 0
Black people must not read the frontpage of r/politics 0
It makes me wonder if they were paid to disrupt Bernie's speech. 0
This thing isn't over yet. 0
It's ironic how conservatives are freaking about this after threatening a civil war if Hillary won. 0
So that's why they call some of us pinkos. 0
How would Trump make money from drilling 8n the arctic? 0
I really think he's supporting Hillary. 0
Your assertion that a society cannot exist without forced taxation is absurd. 0
What's your point? 0
True American loving patriots KNOW the Country is great 0
Bush's invasion of Iraq has lead to deaths of way more people than the Obama drone campaign. 0
I would not bet against it. 0
The DNC admitted it was rigged in their defense against the lawsuit. 0
It's hard to believe there are people running for president who still refuse to see Wall Street as the problem. 0
It's probably just the name of a liberal they want assassinated for free. 0
I live in my city and I can confirm this. 0
Look up the word pedantic. 0
Well that was easy; I'm glad you're coming clean. 0
Can you explain in detail why you don't want TPP? 0
You cold mother fucker. 0
It's at least implied in the title... 0
Supreme Court reversal: fee speech legalized There FIFY. 0
Penn State. 0
It's a protected class in Washington DC already 0
sure 0
Has anybody ever actually moderated this subreddit? 0
T%%%P T%%%P T%%%P MAGA 0
I bet Beck takes great care of his wife's children 0
i regret that I have but one up-vote to give. 0
right now? 0
You do realize he challenged her right...? 0
With magical math like that I have to assume you're a Trump voter 0
It's highly unlikely that it will go away considering the government loves spending money it doesn't have. 0
I don't see the US crumbling. 0
This is gonna be HUGE. 0
Just a good ol boy... 0
OK kiddo. 0
Paid by the trump foundation. 0
Or that they rode on the campaign of jobs and then changed it to making Obama a one term President the biggest priority? 0
Maybe he meant to log in under one of the other accounts and made a mistake. 0
Source? 0
You should at least vote for a third party or write in and be counted as a vote of no confidence. 0
Or there's more than one of us that could have a varying opinion. 0
Obama will also close Guantanamo and shutter all drone programs. 0
It was probably heavenly to be a factory worker in Soviet Russia. 0
Don't say you weren't warned. 0
Two words: Civil War. 0
There is going to be a 19th amendment solution come election day 0
Far out! 0
So he is an actual example of someone addicted to free stuff from the government? 0
I beg your pardon... My last sentence was classic biting sarcasm and I'm insulted that you did not acknowledge it as such. 0
Elizabeth Warren on Hillary Clinton would be the worst porn ever... Also this is old 0
So you don't believe trump's a bad person and/or that he'd enlist the devil him/herself to improve his lot? 0
Dude we don't disagree on Rubio... I have no doubt he and Hillary wouldn't be very different in the White House. 0
Swing and a miss. 0
Derp derp? 0
Bungo 0
If only it were 5 mins. 0
In his mind. 0
Uh... there is no fucking way you pay more in income taxes than the average corporation. 0
Where? 0
Pretty sure Johnson is a dude. 0
bingo. 0
When has she demonized white men? 0
The RICO investigation into his presidency is going to be epic. 0
it tastes like burning 0
Says who? 0
I expect to hear an announcement of his withdrawal by January. 0
Agreed. 0
Just like Florida in 2000. 0
Fire them all! 0
What reason do you have to be worried that the application will be declined and why do you think that that reason should not merit the application being declined? 0
Or people who are sick of Johnson 0
Everybody knows that the magic spells won't work if you don't get the phrasing exactly right. 0
I'll let the GOP completely strip NPR's funding if they cut the defense budget by 85% making it around what China spends on military expenditures. 0
Doesn't sound like it's been on for awhile 0
Partisan bias will be the death of you. 0
This is just wrong 0
What the really need to do is finally pass witchhunt reform in the form of the Affordable Witchhunt Act! 0
I mean they're on both sides of the aisle. 0
And Comey explained at length why gross negligence wasn't found in this case. 0
"Thank you for at least calling it what it is and not using the ""redistribution"" rhetoric." 0
Fuck BuzzFeed 0
It doesn't help when the black students go full racist on the white kids 0
Renee Albert you are all grown up now and don't have to keep acting like the constant tattle tale cry baby of the second grade. 0
Biggest throw since iBP 0
inb4 Sanders supporters go back to saying National Polls don't matter. 0
The only snivelling whiners are the professional victims who think someones trying to steal christmas. 0
That's very possible. 0
Try making a positive case for your candidate 0
Enjoy life I guess? 0
Pro-constitution until it's inconvenient! 0
Oilfield work will still take felons 0
Who is more of an asshat...the asshat or the asshat who votes for the asshat? 0
Nonapologies are the most Clinton connected apologies. 0
We must be living in a (really bad) spy movie. 0
Yeahhhh seem to hear that a lot 0
Has anybody else noticed the number of pro-Russian users that have shown up in the past month or so? 0
scott walker please bathe in a volcano thanks in advance 0
There won't be an economy to be competitive if the Eastern Seaboard is swallowed by the Atlantic. 0
I feel sorry for anyone that seeks employment with a Texas public education anywhere on their resume. 0
Meh. 0
Yeah just study it out. 0
* Ginger-Snap 0
This is why Harambe is polling better than Jill Stein 0
Eh pretty much Trump followers 0
Trump has a whopping 1% support from black community. 0
That link has absolutely nothing to do with Trump. 0
If it's not federally legal they can't bank money 0
Gaben is a fallen angel. 0
"Trump's platform is ""America isn't great now because a ~~black Democrat~~ Kenyan Muslim socialist is president""" 0
sick bitch. 0
~5:00 0
Fraud is a criminal act. 0
I love that EVERY comment on this post is downvoted to oblivion 0
"If you call smearing an opponent that has not smeared her ""outreach"" we have a problem." 0
Breaking News: President-Elect Trump to step down after getting yelled at by some people. 0
Can't wait to see how the polls react to this one. 0
We're going to need a larger basket. 0
I'm sure the DNC actively colluding against him and the fact that we've had a Clinton on the office in the past had nothing to do with his primary loss. 0
Green party? 0
And forget that bill actually helped pass damaging reforms 0
Did you see the video? 0
The people *funding* it or the people *in* it? 0
I know people. 0
yes 0
Love it 0
All income levels get off; some more than others but I do think it is a roll of the dice that they would cause them to rethink their stances on how they do business. 0
TIL the entire economy is based on smartphones. 0
The Alt-Left: no such thing exists. 0
let's hope they keep it up 0
Thanks. 0
- war on Christmas 0
you mean the Republican party that thinks it is a waste of tax payers dollars to investigate Trump-Russia ties but wants another Clinton hearing? 0
The only acceptable spending is welfare for rich people and rich corporate persons. 0
And ill whisper in their ears... ^forthelulz 0
2016 did kill Castro 0
Scumbags get scummy treatment. 0
to specifically conservatives? 0
This would place her at the top of a list of losers. 0
But I thought both parties are the same and only Republican Rand Paul will be the new savior? 0
It was never not a scam. 0
Still waiting for the fall guy. 0
The fence just got 10 inches taller. 0
A Better Plan To Stop The NSA: Turn Off Its Electricity Supply 0
I edited to clarify! 0
I reject your premise that she should require a deadly weapon immediately instead of enlisting the help of trained law enforcement. 0
is everything a conspiracy? 0
Holy fuck what did you do? 0
Interesting it will be for sure. 0
Where do you think the internet came from? 0
So.... he beat his first two guardians? 0
Good but Not enough. 0
Where do get the open borders? 0
I'm a software engineer and I have mathematical proof that Wing Nut Daily is a trollbot. 0
Gotta practice raiding and banning people somehow. 0
I bet 8 years ago you really loved that failed politician.... 0
We'd all probably be happier if Idiocracy were really real 0
Noo just someone who actually listens to the facts and doesn't buy into bullshit :) 0
Then why don't you start a link about that rather than trying to misdirect this discussion and topic with blatant non-sequiturs? 0
Talking points? 0
Toasting in epic Bread. 0
I don't think you know what a concubine is. 0
"What do you mean ""These People""?" 0
Bailing out enormous monopolies is not Keynesian economics. 0
It is also the most badass part of the bible alongside deteuronomy. 0
miss deez nuts in yo mouth 0
El Cheetocabra could face federal criminal charges for such an act. 0
I hope he does and I hope he turns at least 1 state gold. 0
He's only against the ones he doesn't benefit from 0
Mecha Nixon 0
"True but Nigel thinks there's a paycheck for the ""sound of his voice""... I wonder what that will sound like when he gets stiffed...?" 0
So Jade Helm has started? 0
At what point do you draw the line on sacrificing our constitutional rights for safety? 0
I only heard about it after Trump mentioned the case again last week or whenever it was (very recently). 0
Civil war north Radical Republicans were pretty darn progressive by 19th century standards... 0
Pretty much every single economic expert apart from the people he is paying to say that his economic policies are good. 0
dr drew is pretty legit... just because it's on tv and radio doesn't mean he's a quack 0
As I thought and so would it not be correct to say that a conspiracy has been committed by the plutocracy to propagandize the public into believing that we have a representative democracy (which is an oxymoron)? 0
She supported civil unions long before it was popular 0
Popular enough for Reddit to circlejerk over. 0
The full text has been out for months... 0
"What part of ""well-regulated"" are you not understanding?" 0
soooo the FBI investigating her under the espionage act is what to you? 0
when will Mr Twat release his tax return... Lol 0
And..... I'm stealing this. 0
Elites dominate the posts... elites of a certain large wealth... Globalists too.. hmm.. how drained is the swamp again? 0
So is this the new Clinton subreddit? 0
37d Minesweeper! 0
So let's give this country to the Russians! 0
Exactly what part of the constitution do you believe Bill violated? 0
Golden! 0
I guess she should have polled the other students taking shelter from the rain to determine if they had any gang affiliation. 0
So we need to build giant robots to kill the migrants? 0
Next joke please 0
I think that person was you with your earlier comment? 0
You just dropped a truth bomb on this drone 0
Taking fat rails of fairy dust is how sanders camp got where it is today. 0
I wish they just all endorsed Sanders and said WTF america you are broken. 0
Motherfuckers who voted for W twice will not be shaming anyone. 0
Bandar Bush. 0
I love that the republicans finally came out of the closet and are now admitting that they have been in bed with the Russians all along. 0
What's holding them up from starting today? 0
It is perhaps the only thing Trump proposes that I can agree with. 0
Page not found 0
He was at least acquainted with reality. 0
How's he going to pay for that? 0
You got me there fam 0
"I think choosing Palin secured his place in many minds as ""completely out of touch""" 0
Student loans? 0
Or maybe you should just man (or woman) up and take the downvotes instead of trying to cheat the system like your buddy Clinton. 0
"I figured it was more that he wanted to work in calling Hillary a ""cow"" somehow." 0
The reply that you were replying to that is. 0
Even when another snake will bite you for speaking out against it? 0
So these are imaginary death threats. 0
why? 0
the guy just acted like her only experience was flotus 0
IMO that was more outrageous than Lea Dunham's. 0
I think it's funny when Republicans think their party is going to still be on the ballots in 30 years. 0
There is also no call to torture conservatives about thier conservative friends for information that could prevent the next right wing terrorist attack. 0
He probably golfed like the 2nd late NK dictator 0
(Airhornnnnn!!!) 0
why isn't this lizard eating his meals through bars? 0
Nice deflection 0
The contradiction is real.. 0
If that were true Max Payne 3 woulda been really boring 0
"Dig up the source yourself... Google ""Hillary uses DNC to skirt fundraising laws"" and follow where the money went." 0
When have they *not* been worthless? 0
This is why Trump needs to make abortions free. 0
I guess he'll stick around at least until after the first two primaries. 0
Aleppo Johnson and WIFI Stein will make a good pair at the kids table debate over applesauce. 0
Once again I'm proven right that Trump supporters are nothing more then terrorists. 0
Did you watch the video? 0
6% only on her income up to 100K or whatever it was at the time. 0
Get this man a safe space! 0
* Chris Christie - Favorable 31% * Donald Trump - Favorable 37% * Jeb Bush - Favorable 40% * Lindsey Graham - Favorable 19% * Rand Paul - Favorable 48% * Rick Perry - Favorable 42% * Ted Cruz - Favorable 51% * George Pataki - Favorable 13% * Mike Huckabee - Favorable 58% * Rick Santorum - Favorable 45% * Marco Rubio - Favorable 56% * Carly Fiona - Favorable 28% * Emily Farris - Favorable 3% * Ben Carson - Favorable 54% * Bobby Jindal - Favorable 44% * John Kasich - Favorable 22% * Scott Walker - Favorable 50% 0
That's why he deleted it! 0
He simply does not need to 0
[faints] 0
Yeah but they forgot about Dre. 0
Don't forget the FDA. 0
is Melania an option? 0
then you didn't live long enough. 0
Well 14 years ago most of reddit was in diapers 0
Just more GOP witch hunting! 0
Projection. 0
I was unaware that I was running for an elected position? 0
How about getting rid of the parties 0
Thanks Obama! 0
Found the liberal arts major! 0
Are you suggesting he try to install himself as a dictator? 0
Someone's going to show up to a Clintion event in a Pepe costume come October. 0
haaaaaa yep! 0
They're run by an ex-KGB sociopath who likes to assassinate journalists and his political rivals and testing how many European countries he can invade before NATO gives a fuck. 0
Let's try to keep lurching from manufactured fiscal crisis to manufactured fiscal crisis for a 4th year! 0
And now we're all Trump University students 0
I guess if you like trillions of dollars of debt I suppose 0
Civilized Christians must stand up in fight against christian militants know as the GOP presidential candidates. 0
You're pathetic. 0
'Taxghazi' It works! 0
I can't read the article because it's behind a pay wall. 0
I am pretty sure the NSA makes us transparent whether we like it or not. 0
Obama. 0
I guess the TPC is rigged too now. 0
And are those in districts that are demographically more favorable to Clinton? 0
The left are definately disappointed in Obama...but don't even kid yourself if they want Palin or McCain instead. 0
The dog just got 10 feet taller. 0
Textbook false equivalency. 0
Isn't that exactly what Obama is doing. 0
Read the sentence that follows. 0
Oh my gosh how could I be so blind you're so right how DARE he 0
Anybody know the status of the money race between Hillary and Bernie? 0
He can't represent them that well if he's hated by over 60% of his own party 0
Yes she says racist shit a lot. 0
The party that demands immigrants learn English... 0
"""Calling out racism makes YOU the real racist"" -Alt Right" 0
Soooooorry 0
I can't tell if this post is trying to be satire or if its the real thing. 0
Mmmm..... Things got pretty nasty with Clinton. 0
Clearly she is a racist. 0
"The very concept of the ""Social Contract"" makes it clear that power is given." 0
Hah ha ha..ha....oh man you're right. 0
Earmarks are a hell of a drug. 0
Want to see how many wall streeters Obama has put in his cabinet? 0
I'm sure they were incredibly peaceful when they burned down millions of dollars in equipment. 0
WEAKlyStandard Rofl. 0
"The ""free market"" should never be in control when people are at their most vulnerable." 0
*loser 0
One might call it a constitutional republic. 0
funny how ideological cavemen make you pine for the corporate whores. 0
Clooney became irrelevant when he made a fuss about the wall yet pitched a fit when people he didn't like moved in next to him and put up a ton of security around his house in one of his European homes because he wasn't a fan of the neighbors 0
No one has that kind of milkshakes. 0
Im from NC and ive never in my entire life heard of that. 0
I don't know whether to take this seriously or not because of the user name... 0
Im just here for the entertainment. 0
Typical inflammatory baseless story used by the left to justify their violence. 0
I doubt doctors in Denmark have $200k student loans and I bet their malpractice insurance is much cheaper. 0
Bullshit. 0
Exactly ;) Shes at home with her mom in this scenario. 0
Obama never gave them a reason to 0
Oh when that was suggested they went full conspiracy theory and started shouting about the 'mark of the beast'. 0
So there is still a long way down in the polls for Trump. 0
And the interstate 0
Yeah but certain people love denying voter rights. 0
I don't! 0
I'm saying that homeless people do not starve to death in the USA. 0
It's literally a paid for marketing campaign 0
And paying taxes to participate in society is the same things as 'slavery'. 0
To increase the prosecuters Judgment Rating. 0
Breitbart might want to tread lightly on accusing people's campaigns of harboring moles working for foreign interests. 0
Lou says fuck you back 0
Trump has no boss. 0
Then see: Jews In Space 0
I removed it. 0
Not so much as Biff and Greg Stilson from Stephen King's *Dead Zone*. 0
How is he racist? 0
Or just pay out a basic weekly income and then have taxes one every other form of income. 0
"Tldr: ""I don't actually give a shit about advancing progressive causes.""" 0
"From the nation that brought us ""Sexist Air Conditioners"" mind you." 0
You made a claim prove it 0
How does this viewpoint align with his supposedly libertarian ideology? 0
I'm not sure thats something that can really be measured... 0
She misses Chelsea. 0
Was the free market not responsible for a cheap alternative becoming available almost immediately? 0
They want to punish everyone. 0
That record isn't going to correct it's self. 0
Maybe others will also see the fallacy of libertarianism. 0
She will point out that she is a woman for the 100th time and say something about 9/11 0
"The old ""guilty until proven overwhelmingly innocent"" ploy eh?" 0
Good. 0
A few more michigan winters like we had this year and they might not have to leave anymore. 0
Well she's at least released her tax documents 0
I am glad we both agree that your question was not a very good question. 0
If one political party collapsed the other would go soon after and we might get enough political parties to have representative government. 0
I should be able to use incorrect arguments to forge my reality /Brainwashed collectivist 0
Lets not forget the largest and most technologically advanced Air Force and Navy as well. 0
If he knows it isn't he wrong then too? 0
Is there *anything* redeeming about this family? 0
Doesn't this make us ALL look bad? 0
By progressive you mean corporate friendly and protector of the 1% 0
Have a kwazy Kwanzaa 0
Yes. 0
The Nazis where just doing their jobs. 0
Sounds like a really boring show on TLC. 0
Source? 0
There are more ways to support a candidate than with political ads. 0
I can almost imagine Conway running around and destroying every smart phone she can find before The Donald is able to completely rat fuck all of the work that she has been trying to do. 0
"""Sensible people"" = people who agree with you How convenient that mindset must be." 0
And they still complained their taxes were too high. 0
Except it does... as many well known economists agree on. 0
What was he wrong about? 0
Youtube clinton seizure disorder if you care 0
allegedly. 0
Hacking for intelligence isn't quite the same thing as actively trying to steal an election for 1 candidate. 0
Doesn't he realize that everyone else realizes he is utterly full of shit? 0
"The problem is that this ""fix"" is irrational." 0
Not the same thing at all 0
I'm so sorry :( 0
I was wondering if this was the same guy.. is there another Bryan Cranston? 0
The state of denial? 0
It's designed and sculpted to be toothless. 0
you are arguing the merits of dogs over guns because they are less deadly this is pointless goodbye 0
Nothing quite like conflict to spur innovation. 0
What do you see as an alternative? 0
Brian didn't get his job back so I don't know what the fuck trump is on about. 0
There is plenty of outcry for those things 0
Well you know the Trump campaign just gained a few salty shitheads yesterday. 0
That makes no sense because without hardcore republican states who always vote republican he would not have gotten to 270. 0
The intersection of the venn diagram of Trump supporters and Stewart fans is super small I bet. 0
Form Voltron 0
"The ""secret meeting"" that is displayed on nearly ever conservative site on the internet." 0
Lmfao shut the fuck up 0
That does help bring balance to the spreadsheet. 0
Anecdotes mean nothing in the face of evidence. 0
Probably.... 0
Detroit was a hellhole well before they even shot Robocop. 0
The president and select members of congress saw evidence and the president imposed sanctions after notifying congress. 0
As a Comcast customer who dreams of Google Fiber me. 0
"""I'm automatically voting for a guy regardless of what he does to the country because it makes other people upset and my life will be ok regardless""" 0
Agreed. 0
Sorry for not letting you use my vote for your own purposes. 0
Did the TrumpU investigation get dropped? 0
Of course they will. 0
He trusts his tremendous spur of the moment judgements. 0
The number of people who don't realize it's fiction is astounding. 0
Ignorance is strength! 0
With a 5.56 you're also more likely to miss what you're aiming at and kill your neighbor across the street. 0
oh he managed to leave his newly acquired third home and join the common folk? 0
If he forgot to subtract a 1 somewhere in his calculation a lot of people are going to be pissed. 0
Pretty sure they had gotten to the point where they laid it out that she could come in voluntarily or they would bring her in involuntarily and the choice was up to her how she wanted it presented. 0
Interesting. 0
If the trend contiues past mass primary for mass then they are just simply switching parties they wont be doing it to support hillarybecause the primary is over for mass 0
Plus the cost of shipping all the parts/raw materials to the USA versus China. 0
lol 0
she's more useful in senate 0
Yes 0
IOKIYAR 0
And no caramel 0
So you are saying they should get rid of Republican governors? 0
He forgot Nixon and Clinton. 0
It's projection and it's always in style :/ 0
I'm afraid Trump supporters will actually love watching this documentary. 0
This primarily goes to debunk certain narratives by certain socialist politicians that things are only getting worse 0
CNN had a segment where they talk about media bias and they spent more time talking about treating trump unfairly and as soon as the one Bernie supporter started talking they had to cut to commercial 0
That sounds like enough 0
If Hawaii is the only state you can come up with that is racially diverse and Sanders won then that kind of proves my point! 0
Then he's never going to resign since Republicans in Congress will never agree with Obama on anything. 0
[Citation Needed] 0
Sleep walking through a presidential campaign is confusing. 0
Maybe they commissioned the study in Flint. 0
sadly Gary Johnson gets everything except votes. 0
You forgot to blame the cartoon frog nazis. 0
Sorry I didn't realize you weren't OP. 0
I mean historically that's how it ALWAYS ends. 0
And America lost 0
I laughed when I heard about that thinking about the poor new interns running around trying to find a bunch of W keys so they can start putting George W's name on everything. 0
"I have to assume that was just the ""best"" take of the last few hours..." 0
Just like Wikileaks 0
I'm bad at math - it's really 5 0
Obama? 0
I wanna hear from Minnesoota. 0
1984 reference - sweet. 0
He will even land the Trump plane at the Mosul airport and have a rally before he defeats them. 0
Highly lucrative bribes. 0
Red Dawn 2 0
Thanks for the laugh. 0
"Sarah can ""Eat my ass""." 0
*psssst* he made it up. 0
It's right in line with the *thousands* of Muslims he saw cheering in NJ that one day. 0
More like impeachment attempt ver1.0... and than 1.1 and then... 0
"You do realize the ""MSM"" are the ones who do the exit polls right?" 0
Then you should be advocating your chosen candidate adopt Gary's position that prices should be published information. 0
This sounds like a pre-planned speech for starve the beast advocates Perhaps if a large segment of our leaders didn't sabotage anything they disagree with... 0
"There's a difference between ""additional"" medical records and her medical records." 0
Very true... not sure if genuine misconception or deliberate obfuscation... 0
That I'll agree with 0
Must be someone other than Kellyanne 'It's not for me to take away a grown man's Twitter account' Conway. 0
Don't you dare compare Judge Judy to Napolitano! 0
The problem with that comes if you let the government decide what those goals are. 0
So anyone who has ever opened fire on the police is killed by police and they never see a day in court? 0
So as long as your wife divorces you your morally good? 0
What are super delegates? 0
That doesn't make me a communist. 0
You would think so 0
I'm just sick of everyone attacking other candidates instead of stating their own position. 0
who knew our forefathers had so much foresight 0
I'm holding out for when Bernie gets a square cash account 0
The REPUBLICAN CONGRESS? 0
And similar stupid things on the left as well 0
Get rid of Republicans. 0
Cleveland or Bust 0
Careful not to cut yourself on that edge 0
I know I'm just saying that if Hillary really did rig the whole thing then they need an expert on cheating on Bernies team so he could have had a chance 0
sniff 0
Lol 0
My grandpa still tries to drag me down to minor league baseball games. 0
Sup 0
Yeah Pence the gay conversion therapy guy that's who I want appointing Supreme Court Judges. 0
Your plan will fail similar to your atheist island plan. 0
What's your least favorite news source? 0
The MSM being played again! 0
ohmygod 0
Neither are republicans. 0
Canadian here.. thinking of building that panic room... 0
And how many did the DOJ &amp; ATF give the cartels? 0
That's what she said... granted she was being paid... because she was a prostitute. 0
(Except in the primaries) 0
Reposted on /pol/ Is this seriously your defense that its not antisemitic in its intent? 0
And they would have gotten away with it too without those meddling kids and their Constitution! 0
They didn't really want Rand that badly apparently. 0
I think Trump may give Carson the VP nod. 0
The Hudson is one. 0
"""When you're white... you don't know what it's like to be poor.""" 0
Because it favored their Republican candidates so why would they want to look into it? 0
Imagine 185 times 0
Spoiler Alert: That's how we all (legal immigrants) feel. 0
DAE Republicans are morons? 0
Too much impossible magic required 0
that's great; needs to happen more often. 0
*Democratic 0
What are you trying to hide? 0
We clearly watched two different shows 0
mooch. 0
Terminal velocity 0
Trump: the salesman at his best! 0
Weekend at Trumps 0
It's not like he tried to keep it a secret. 0
That doesn't mean he had to suck Clinton's cock through the entire primary. 0
you'll just say mexican/muslim isn't a race and refusing to rent to non-white people as just good business 0
It's good to hear a true conservative voice every now and then. 0
Like I said photos taken by people who were involved in the recount. 0
Pretty sure Trump was the inspiration for Fink's plan for Hell's Kitchen lol. 0
Obvious false flag is obvious. 0
All you need to do is look at the GWB/Obama before and after photos to know that the presidency will literally kill Hillary. 0
Every single person in Texas should have to watch there children murdered wife raped and then shot in the face that is my liberal justice. 0
If you need an assault rifle to maintain your liberty then you don't have any liberty anyway. 0
Yeah remember all those DNC birthers? 0
Does that narrow view come with blinders or is it natural? 0
Marry Chanukah 0
Not the person who won the most votes. 0
It's just Obamas porn cache. 0
"Plus he basically just quoted the definition of ""meritocracy"" the dumbest and least supported of all the '-ocracies'." 0
or the dnc should court them so they can win house and senate seats? 0
what a way to start the revolution 0
I'm surprised this isn't bigger news (outside of reddit and the hill). 0
Shift those goal posts faster! 0
do you know what a citation is? 0
Jesus Christ it's President Bourne! 0
I'm confused... I thought the GOP's official position was that government shouldn't be telling private businesses to do things they aren't comfortable with. 0
Isn't this a felony in Texas? 0
Ahh yes... good thing their voters are not to be bothered with common sense and logic. 0
You mean mercenaries? 0
Meanwhile the Republicans are actually doing most of the taking. 0
What do you think they do at college? 0
So... go look it up and get back to us? 0
Probably because she was the main victim in the case. 0
What if he had actually been hard at work preparing and this was the best he could do? 0
Yet here they pay more per hour than the other poster makes. 0
That's because he is a corporation. 0
Sounds like you're making assumptions that cannot be proven. 0
"It would certainly be a ""must watch"" Senate confirmation hearing!" 0
I'm still pulling for Hamburglar instead of Sarah Palin for Veteran Affairs. 0
Only if he was president for life... 0
Crazier shit has happened this year so why not? 0
What if he runs as Hilary's VP? 0
so... she aborts her campaign? 0
bazinga 0
They are our responsibility. 0
Trump is popular with conservatives* 0
But there is no East Kentucky or East Tennessee... 0
Why does Kyl hate America? 0
"I would say that destroying data that could help bring the victim's killer to justice is pretty much the exact opposite of ""respect for the victim.""" 0
Any economic claims about Bill's tenure has to be run through a filter that acknowledges he happened to be in office during the tech/internet boom. 0
So how hard is it for her to say what you just said instead of throwing a temper tantrum and walking out? 0
No one called her ugly. 0
Top men. 0
good point 0
There should be much media emphasis on a side-by-side comparison of the congressional speeches by Netanyahu and Pope Francis. 0
It's almost like the media never acted like Obama misspoke or something. 0
Because CTR are desperate. 0
He absolutely had to flee. 0
Truopoly? 0
"Trump wants to bring back waterboarding and ""a whole lot more"" if he could." 0
It was an *assassination* by *people* 0
I see your taillight is broken... 0
Because raising the next generation of people is considerably more important than your desire to go out and party. 0
Damn retired white men and their scary black rifles causing all that violence in south side Chicago! 0
Way to over react 0
oh just shut up and send money 0
I concede. 0
Utah doesn't count does it? 0
My parents always stressed that 90% of the time calling the cops makes a situation worse and not better. 0
And the factory workers are still unemployed 0
bingo - trump is basically living their wildest fantasies. 0
She's popular in her district. 0
"Just made me think that ""stupid America"" is the bubbles in Mormon bubble porn." 0
They have their methods. 0
Every sperm in sacred... 0
Lady gets pneumonia? 0
"""You are known by the company you keep.""" 0
Bush is also the guy who nominated Harriet Miers for SCOTUS and had to withdraw her nomination after facing massive bipartisan criticism over her lack of qualifications. 0
She slipped in the trail left by Santorum when he exploded from the back of the pack. 0
0/10 0
hello rato 0
But you have to take responsibility of the burden you put on that countries infrastructure. 0
I don't believe you. 0
I'm willimg but it has to be well advertised. 0
and they voted for her too (me included). 0
again with the pedophilia... 0
That's a filibuster. 0
Or both. 0
Why just Republicans? 0
You mean the rest of them? 0
Maybe because it wasn't a genuine moment of affection but rather a staged attempt at a photo op 0
Why not both? 0
A bipartisan commission of Democrats and Republicans will determine who earned it. 0
Finally some good news for once. 0
What happens when she debates Trump and he starts throwing money at her? 0
Except exactly nothing I have described has happened before... 0
Not this veteran 0
Relevant username 0
Or they could support a candidate that won't screw our country up 0
name a top television news station that doesnt blatantly show bias. 0
Labour Party whose influential leader who is a muslim tweets that Hitler was great person is surely not anti-semitic and should not be labelled as nazis right..Corbyn didnt even ask her apologise for her tweets. 0
I gather that neither are you. 0
because financial criminals are a lot smarter than drug dealers 0
It's happening! 0
It's cute you think the military would side against the people. 0
I am happy these folks are not starving just because they are poor. 0
I'm as shocked as you are. 0
IIRC You can't be forced to testify against yourself in the adversarial justice system. 0
That seems to be a common theme for him. 0
\*grabs popcorn* This is gonna be good. 0
lol no 0
That last sentence was like a shocking Shamayalan plot twist. 0
Faux News has a long documented history of manipulating media to further their agenda. 0
Obama crushed South Carolina too 0
"Now quoting Trump is ""fear-mongering.""" 0
Yeah because he really went after Obama! 0
"I prefer ""Talibangelicals""." 0
"""Hillary holds choking baby through it's final moments.""" 0
I would assume it's really him because I find it hard to imagine paid social media staffers would post such ridiculous tweets 0
Improving Monetary Policy isn't the goal so much as changing who has control and things get fuzzy there. 0
Yeah and it's possible an impeachment could expose how ridiculous some of the accusations aimed at her from the republicans are and just end up making people dispose them for constantly attacking her 0
Phase II: Controling the narrative by reinventing it. 0
Seems like Republicans wait til they're out of office or retire to speak up on these things. 0
Decorum like making fun of a handicapped reporter or a POW? 0
The company that owns a majority share has the name 'Schulzberger' so just you wait. 0
You had a little respect for him? 0
but trickle down.. 0
Louderwithcrowder? 0
West of the Mississippi? 0
Because he was being sarcastic? 0
Not with that attitude. 0
...because surely Trump would have respected truth and fairness if Bernie had been running. 0
As he burns the nation down? 0
"Have these idiots ever heard of the ""Articles of Confederation""?" 0
Re-read your previous comment to see said claims... 0
yes make America ~~~~white~~~~ great again 0
but....Olivia Munn! 0
Are you saying the racist groups that the Charleston shooter referenced were liberals? 0
But she should be actually punished too... 0
Never move to Alabama then because you!d be classified as brain dead. 0
I feel your pain. 0
*Sikh 0
"I remember very clearly when the Brits used to say that about Catholics back during the ""Troubles""... interesting." 0
So is ketchup. 0
I mean...Eugene Debs was allowed to run from jail. 0
I think you're proving their point. 0
You're just upset that excuses for your little penis extender are becoming more and more impotent with each passing day. 0
He seriously looks like he has fetal alcohol syndrome. 0
Just throwing some ideas out: 1) Invest more in education in low-income communities 2) Make the paid maternity leave policy have diminishing returns for more kids 0
I have commited electoral fraud 100 000 times in Dallas... Wait I live in Montreal and I'm canadian. 0
Tell your mom to call me back once she can walk right again 0
The WEASEL is staying in the race.... proving once again that politics is more important than half of the population having a right to choose their own health care provider. 0
Oh... ok... *backs away slowly* 0
How you enjoy getting the worst of two evils then 0
Trump has a valid point about Walker. 0
Interesting choice of headline 0
Not from me... 0
Only if people VOTE 0
Well I hope they enjoy themselves. 0
Ladies and gentlemen: projection 0
Ron Paul gives out signs too.... Holding up a sign given out by the politician you support does not make you 'sheeple'. 0
Welfare queens being a substantial problem is a myth pushed by the right to justify gutting government assistance for the poor. 0
It's not a contested convention 0
They use those special tax exempt organizations that keep their name off the record. 0
Putin would never do that to his good friend. 0
and possibly cause autism. 0
... I laughed too much at this... now I feel bad. 0
Someone call Hannity to see how he's holding up 0
Patraeus 0
"Wasn't this supposed to be the ""damning evidence that could finally end Clinton's reign of tyranny"" or something like that?" 0
you sound like a lunatic.... And that's coming from a self identifying conspiracy theorist. 0
Maybe it was just a warning that the site pulls its design from geocities 0
It would be nice if they LDS Church wouldn't involve themselves like this. 0
We both know he doesn't actually pay people unless they win in court. 0
Bernie absolutely isn't over. 0
Now all we need is a Redditor with a helicopter to land on the roof of the White House and... No wait. 0
"They're called ""conservatives""." 0
somehow found a way to make this Obama's fault 0
Gowdy sure is a sweaty coward.. 0
This is one of the ways Republicans redistribute tax dollars upward. 0
Maybe they're conceding that they'll never win the presidency again. 0
This rice is perfectly under or overly cooked 0
"""Sometimes I hold my breath until I get dizzy""" 0
Be more specific about what you're asking. 0
Damn ole Electoral College being asked to do their job. 0
I'm cool with it. 0
God Emperor of Deplorables. 0
For that to happen you have to stop saying things that are worthy of condescension... 0
Now the reply comment is objectively untrue 0
"Too bad there is no such thing as a ""leftist establishment.""" 0
Yea it is 0
Don't you think she looks tired? 0
And his ISP is Comcast. 0
Damn American TV invading people's privacy. 0
All that stuff is probably in storage. 0
Fool me....... Uhh.. You ain't gonna fool me again... 0
Also it is impossible to not have a personal opinion on something unless you couldn't give a shit 0
Together we are stronger? 0
Thank you. 0
Texas became business friendly under Ann Richards. 0
What is this supposed to mean? 0
The Federal Reserve is part of the problem. 0
I would like to hear more stories about these calls to the radio stations... What was being said? 0
Hello history books. 0
Speaking as a veteran myself- the military is full of people that are as dumb as a box of rocks. 0
its margin is similar to Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. 0
yea better just to assume she won't do any of that and let Trump win and run the economy back into the ground. 0
You mean since Abraham Lincoln right? 0
It's a bit tinfoily tasting ;-) 0
I'd say Judge Napolitano. 0
Make up your mind--is she a neocon or a left wing ideologue? 0
TIL that there is only one pharma co and it's not American. 0
I like your sarcastic style. 0
Too bad young ladies don't really vote 0
Why do we have to protect industries with out of date business models? 0
Extreme much? 0
Does Bernie turn away individuals for donations after learning who they work for? 0
Mental health and background checks as well. 0
Marshmallows* 0
You remind me of Ben Carson who as frontrunner was complaining the media treated him unfairly because of all coverage and scrutiny. 0
And then the guy put his hands in the air and reached for a sky gun 0
now wonder that bigoted fringe conservative David Horowitz hired him. 0
LOOOOOOOOOOOL 0
Could save the country if the network never got off the ground. 0
Only gave 8k to charity which leaves 167k for 2015. 0
right wing lies 0
Only because he was caught in a lie saying that he never sent letters asking for stimulus funds and then the letters from him asking for stimulus funds were released proving he lied. 0
Better not forget to dot an i or cross a t or your application will be rejected &amp; deleted &amp; you'll have to start again from scratch. 0
He does have the best words. 0
It's an inverse relationship in the U.S. 0
Wow you are like a troll slayer :) 0
Bigly is a real word 0
And he told the truth so what's the problem? 0
And what if I'm a pro-life agnostic? 0
Guise your helping clinton by posting this! 0
The 'investigation' wasn't. 0
Probably so he had something to brag about or wipe his ass with. 0
It wasn't good fed into the liberal media thing pretty Damn well. 0
Because he knew who David duke is and tried to play it off 0
Please... if lying to the public doesn't tank Clinton's campaign then I can't see how a lawsuit involving trump university would change anything. 0
Might as well be making the Make America Great Again caps have a tinfoil variant. 0
Hes actually beating her among latinos and arizona has way more of them than black people. 0
you got a liberal msm machination 0
You do realize many of those Nordic nations have been crippling their welfare for years now? 0
People always confuse serial masterbators and mass masterbators. 0
Obama over Wilson? 0
Ignoring the response to the report from the president and the senate. 0
Turncoats are by definition untrustworthy. 0
I imagine it's different groups of people that held those opinions. 0
Fishing for outrage... sort of like the GOP and emails eh? 0
"The response I really wanted to give to that poll is ""Never force back door action""" 0
If that other congressman who got caught buying crack had to resign Grimm should have too as well. 0
The article was written by someone in Boston. 0
Why doesn't the guy just offer the job to the homeless guy instead of trying to pull a jedi mind trick on a child? 0
Hubris. 0
Donald *Duck* ? 0
You mean like laws against stealing? 0
2 in 10 are indifferent 0
Wasn't MLK a massive homophobe though? 0
Prison &amp; anal rape. 0
Wait what was that? 0
T-This website is rigged! 0
I'd want F.D.R 0
McConnell has perfectly good explanation saying that Reagan wasn't black. 0
"""Bin"" just means ""son of.""" 0
Don't you dare argue with Correct the Record! 0
I wouldn't call Pence sane exactly. 0
Why's it a bad thing to halt immigrants from nations which we know are over ran will radicals? 0
How sure are you? 0
If they do they will soon be in mentioned history books together with the Whig Party. 0
Don't forget the gays destroying the sanctity of marriage. 0
This guy needs to be put away. 0
They really are masters of free press. 0
Not a fan of japanese game shows then? 0
They can buy it back. 0
I'd write in Sanders' name before voting for Stein 0
She pushed Hilary to run in 2014 0
Please ensure this orange turd loses come 11/8. 0
Exactly. 0
They don't want the competition. 0
Well thats fucked up :( 0
I hear Obama loves the trade deal. 0
In predicting general elections 538 has no rivals. 0
No you're not allowed to say that because in 2008 it was 2008 and this year is 2016 so they can't be similar in any way. 0
would you be willing to sit through progressive (or what have you) drivel for 49 minutes? 0
Old Fashioneds are also quite popular just about everywhere. 0
You might have overshilled there a little xD 0
The Bush White House deleted roughly 20M emails not 10s of thousands. 0
BLAME THE REPUBLICANS 0
This election has revealed a disturbing amount of prejudice among those I once considered my moderate peers. 0
He was running against the most despised candidate in history. 0
Avoiding dangerous situations like leaving the house? 0
Are you just going to ignore my question? 0
I follow politics pretty closely and I have no idea where Hillary stands on anything because of it. 0
Depends on the skin colors of the people involved. 0
While I agree that Trump supporters are shitty people I will not agree with you when you denigrate homeless hispanic people. 0
*good work electoral college 0
That is correct we don't know because no one asked. 0
"""jk lol"" doesn't matter because the judge declared no take backsies." 0
I actually kind of bet that he didn't. 0
calling a pile of shit something else doesn't change the fact that it is a pile of shit. 0
My favorite new theory is that he has a huge public humiliation fetish and his Dom makes him say ridiculous shit. 0
Boycott the Israeli terror state. 0
Who said they were? 0
Interesting take on traditional family values.... 0
Amazon. 0
Looks like a win for both and is direct evidence against your stupid ass comment 0
Don't feed the troll. 0
I am more disappointed that someone would consider the opinion of a dopey comedian. 0
And no gays. 0
Cruzing speed 0
He must be one of those lazy millennials that just wants free stuff. 0
Real life BF3 is not something many of us want. 0
Oligarcies in a capitalistic society are practically plutocracies. 0
"And in 99% of developing countries (the vaunted ""emerging markets"") too!" 0
This person gets it. 0
There will be another eight trillion dollars added to the debt if it isn't a white guy. 0
No shit i just cleaned like 3 cats and 2 dogs off my windshield after they rained down on me while driving. 0
I know plenty of people who can't afford cars and never bothered to get a drivers license. 0
We should let dogs vote. 0
Yup winning by millions of votes is totally cheating. 0
For this reason alone I can still hope for humanity. 0
Because s/he dared question dear leader and saviour Ron Paul? 0
And a cloth 0
... because you aren't see long term investment strategy at work. 0
He'll do very well in the conservative speaking circuit. 0
"This dude is ""that guy"" on your team in dota/league who throws because the team is losing a little." 0
But Ted Cruz is already out of the race. 0
He is a weasel. 0
Our Attorney General in Texas is a massive douchebag and is under investigation himself but he's probably behind it. 0
Yeah but they only performed a double reverse flip flop so it earns a 0.0. 0
Deus Vult! 0
People had no problem with giving Obama the Nobel Peace Prize... 0
At least I did it. 0
It's a new low daily. 0
Same strategy the left wants to use with gn control 0
Not at a gun show. 0
To be fair we're not very welcoming to him down here. 0
Over 0
Hypocrisy is the lifeblood of conservatism -- there's no other way to demand things for yourself while denying it to others. 0
Because he's new and young and they don't want to be called racist. 0
it's cheap in virginia. 0
equality before the law is. 0
Who didn't see this coming. 0
No. 0
Yup. 0
You can and we have the right to throw you out. 0
That would make sense to me. 0
If anyone had proof there'd be a trial pending. 0
This 0
Did I say I oppose all government? 0
Why aren't people more aware that they are electing congressmen that will represent the party line they belong to and not the interest of their region? 0
Dumb and Dumber 3's out? 0
He is the Deadbeat 1000. 0
it's comical that he whines about Dem talking points when he just clearly spew his own brand of talking points 0
Hitler only had one testicle so it was a demimerit. 0
Attention span of a trump supporter confirmed 0
nickelback fans rejoice - all three of them 0
Purging voters doesn't qualify? 0
"""May you live in interesting times""" 0
was this sarcasm 0
Note to the press: **This** is what a quid pro quo looks like. 0
What a close-minded view on poverty and struggling financially in today's society 0
not without kids. 0
As well as the will of the people. 0
"**Trump says ""Government should stop pimping out Americans""**" 0
I can respect that opinion. 0
You don't understand how the world works. 0
Hilarious how leftists love Palin now. 0
Can't corner the Dorner. 0
looks like there will be job openings... 0
Just because a goofy person says she's a Native American doesn't mean that she is. 0
They should have thrown quarters instead. 0
No. 0
Secretive? 0
"""Which polls?""" 0
And I love how some folks can ignore 40 years of her progressive bona fides because she isn't as progressive as their preferred choice. 0
I heard FEMA is sending a shipment of bootstraps so everything should be fixed soon. 0
to late way to late 0
Raw vote counts should be released in every election no matter what the outcome is. 0
It's funny because Guliani's right hand man *did* go to jail for corruption. 0
Sounds about right when corruption is rampant 0
You forgot that Rubio exists. 0
"I can't believe they didn't fact check his ""I never said that"" when she brought up his chinese climate change conspiracy theory" 0
I guess you missed the show he did on her emails and the Clinton foundation correct? 0
The audacity! 0
secession* 0
tipped scales 0
Chess is a democratic game in your eyes? 0
Kind of reminds me of the Republicans when they lose an election (and their obscene profits). 0
Xanax 0
What are the odds that he will vote against repealing Patriot Act? 0
Could say the same about Bernie or Hillary. 0
As long as we are changing the rules after the fact.....Why not illustrate how Trump WON the popular vote excepting the results in one Blue state? 0
Also songbirds: don't forget Sanders won the songbird vote. 0
Hmmm... Can we get over the 6th grader thing and talk about something that matters 0
And Romney is backing away from his acceptence of scientific findings in order to gain on Rick Perry who is running on an anti-science we teach creationism in Texas and let 5-year-olds decide for themselves which is right campaign. 0
They're going to be very Shocked when the American people rebel against their policies in 2012 0
edgy as heck 0
Safe zone needed. 0
At least 2 out of those 3 are gone already. 0
I'm pretty sure it was a typo. 0
Then why is he courting them so much these past few weeks? 0
Please be quiet. 0
How many people died in voting accidents last year? 0
It sounds like the guard was an asshole about it but it is apparently against the law to bring in books. 0
transparent greed. 0
Is there any institution that hasn't sold out the American people? 0
Bingo! 0
It's actually Der white pride. 0
Bill Weld is eminently more qualified to be president than either Johnson or Trump. 0
Great username 0
Small loan of a million dollars 0
Ted's got nothing without a cooperative GOP establishment it seems... Why would he work with someone who openly attacked his family? 0
How can a politician think that he is smarter than 99% of climate scientists about a subject that he himself barely understands. 0
Low info voters? 0
This is one. 0
That's really only necessary if you intend to lie under oath. 0
Always was. 0
Wrong. 0
Probably poppy seed muffins 0
We will...bigly. 0
I didn't think it was to rub all over herself 0
Are you on drugs? 0
Who are you mad at? 0
Last I checked Putin has been enjoying the rimjob Trumps been giving him... 0
Americans: Don't let the door hit you on the way out. 0
"When did they ever believe in the ""American Dream""?" 0
Rich Ann really just isn't cut out for this campaigning nonsense - FTFY 0
Solyndra is the fast and furious of the republican party before fast and furious became Benghazi. 0
One is current news and the other is old news that a bunch of high schoolers just found out about. 0
Now your voting 4th dimensionally! 0
So let's go with the transparent guy who won't even release his tax returns. 0
No sure if joking. 0
"Define ""American interests.""" 0
Not a clue. 0
400 billion of 1500 billion is not 1/2. 0
Do you think someone should get goods and services for free? 0
"Up voted for "" shivers """ 0
You know there were videos in there too right? 0
Every campaign does this. 0
"That would require him to read something that wasn't Stormfront without going apoplectic about ""fake news""" 0
What do you mean by those people? 0
if this isn't the next episode of SNL I am going to be disappointed now. 0
What did he did 0
"Why didn't he just put ""N"" if he hated them so much" 0
Right and all those people who supported Sander's fake opposition gave the DNC millions while people like me struggle to get Jill Stein on the ballot. 0
I don't hear any gnashing. 0
Point taken. 0
Yes. 0
Hmm ok well that makes sense then. 0
I don't think you read the Wikipedia link I posted which clearly states that modern chemistry came out of practical applications of alchemy. 0
So? 0
How is Melania a supermodel? 0
Why does this untrue comment have 16 up votes? 0
But still belongs to the party. 0
Except not. 0
Booker out of NJ would be pretty interesting. 0
Deny deny deny SAD! 0
I'd rather his stigma than the Clinton stigma. 0
Woosh 0
REKT 0
Not enough popcorn in the world. 0
Lol yes! 0
Creating value is the opposite of destroying a company though. 0
They'd be much better people if they actually were. 0
"Soon it's gonna be: ""I have a 5% off coupon from Mexico if I build a second wall.""" 0
Bernie math is a special kind of system 0
CTR was everywhere yesterday; they also send you threatening/harassing private messages now. 0
The Rob Ford Effect. 0
You should ask me how a fish has the ability to swim in water. 0
why did you write your username before your comment? 0
Clinton foundation 0
Net income over time can be an indicator as to possible net worth. 0
They only don't matter when Republicans are in charge. 0
He and I apparently have a lot in common! 0
You forgot to mention how wonderful the unemployment numbers look when everyone has a .5 job. 0
Guac the vote! 0
their law and their order 0
Immigration reform is all about rich folks wanting to bring in cheaper labor that will live 3 families to a 2 bedroom apartment and won't complain about getting paid less then minimum wage. 0
Not if we continue with the misinformation and propaganda system called news nor the current education system. 0
I'm interpreting received as counted because of the delivered right before. 0
I remember when they invented capitalism... I always *hated* it! 0
Or because Putin rigged the election for him and now is telling Trump how to pay him back. 0
....are you trolling me or something? 0
Many were expecting him not to show up. 0
how convenient! 0
How many tax dollars did President Clinton spend on his affairs? 0
Students have been brainwashed with social justice bullshit for years and you're complaining about Trump? 0
Are you trying to bait me into a deadend argument or are you genuinely interested? 0
Automation is happening either way 0
I'm not clear on how you're disagreeing with me...? 0
It's almost like having two (three on a good day) political parties can never accurately represent the will of the people. 0
Johnson for Emperor of Planet Fitness 2020. 0
His plan is also for the lower class not to pay any income tax at all. 0
So you can vote with your feet and move to a state with the public option 0
He already said that. 0
Just because it's a concept that's studied doesn't mean it can't be defeated with a groundswell of voters. 0
She knows how to balance a budget. 0
Boner is such a tool. 0
For once I'm way ahead; I've been depressed since Warren &amp; Biden chose not to run. 0
"""Lone wolf""" 0
I think I love you. 0
Unfortunately Democrats vote in much lower numbers in the mid-terms. 0
Someone should put the shackles back on him... 0
He means that it is a 3 month old account and essentially the sole activity is posting anti-Trump and anti-Republican things to politics. 0
"Tell that to the ""Wise Latina""." 0
We demand the freedom to die without healthcare. 0
Can you explain how winning the democratic nomination is the equivalent to winning the general? 0
Only if someone watches and calls it in. 0
Barack Obama? 0
is anyone really surprised that the guy who ran his campaign on lies and BS actually lied to the voters about his intentions.. 0
Clearly RBG is a hate filled bigot racist according to the SJWs. 0
Crystal light in my bag swag 0
DWS: Dirty-Worker-Sycophant 0
Its sad to see Ghouliani struggle with his dementia 0
4 years is not such a long time. 0
"Or they will be sent to prison for 30 years for ""wiretapping"" for it." 0
Those are not the two options here. 0
The same way the banks had their debt forgiven after crashing the economy. 0
...And Obama could (and should) file libel against them. 0
...But that's the point. 0
What other hallucinations do you disagree with? 0
That's not what democratic means. 0
A lot less dickish than telling everyone you're smarter and faster than all those idiots who got killed. 0
Should have said Spanish speaking South America. 0
Good for you. 0
it's pointing out that this is a taboo subject and that nothing will be done about it because even if we as a society did perceive this as a problem (and it is - one of economic stability and sustainability) the only solutions we have available have been shouted down like some sort of red scare. 0
When does Donald Junior get eaten by Direwolves? 0
It's like how Obama is a muslim when they don't like him... but also a christian when they want to nail him with something. 0
Reaping and sowing. 0
NC and NH. 0
Source? 0
You mean it's going to be just like the last 8 years ? 0
IOKIYAR! 0
I guess you should still do something even if the terms you specified aren't met? 0
Can you expound on this please? 0
Now if they'd only drop Hillary... 0
Yes you can't compare outright murder to a prisoner exchange at all. 0
I'll bring popcorn! 0
I guess it's time to whip out the old prison industrial complex donation calculator... 0
3edgy5me 0
Or the ones who had to earn getting college paid for through the GI Bill. 0
Age is relative dude people die of old age at both 70 and 115 0
On the bright side the only people who are going to be affected by the stupid shit they say are the people who listen to the stupid shit they say. 0
"It'll only be official once Jeb opens up a campaign stop/rally/whatever to the ""Final Countdown"" song." 0
well with sub 8% polling numbers nationally i would have say- No 0
But republicans are against gays! 0
That doesn't seem very fair 0
These are not the warrantless NSA operations we need to be worried about. 0
She needs to take Barbara Boxer's lead and exit. 0
Yeah I think that's how it works too. 0
Like anybody gives a fuck what Murdoch thinks 0
But Wikileaks has no way of verifying how many hands data has passed through before it reaches them 0
Hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha 0
They could hide her in whatever bunker they have Biden locked in. 0
So people who likely couldn't have afforded insurance before Obamacare are now going to have to pay a tax to not be able to afford it now? 0
There's some Austrian right there 0
But I would prefer having Stevie Wonder drive me around to having Clinton as President... 0
What if you pay her with a check while on the Cincinnati city council? 0
What's an adminstratiobn? 0
Dropping gun control would probably win them more than just the Dakotas and Montana. 0
"Do you think that when the Administration targets and kills terrorists leaders it matters if they use the word ""radical"" in the press release?" 0
girl fight! 0
The sad part is that it was meant negatively. 0
You could push them to the left during the primaries and still wouldn't need to vote for the party in the general election if you weren't confident with the candidate they chose 0
Yeah it's usually just fear mongering that we'll be poor without it. 0
For all we know we just did. 0
Matter of time...still busy building enough holding cells for THAT many people. 0
Live from DNC: Bernie Sanders' supporters don't care. 0
Oh man I really hope you're Canadian. 0
Sure it is... Just ask Drumpf. 0
Time for the 1% - the people who can afford it most - to start paying their fair share. 0
Now we just have to figure out where and when the dimensions split so we can find a way to get back home. 0
Except the investigation is over. 0
J'ACCUSE REDDIT 0
I guess it would. 0
OP stole that from Melania Trump. 0
The irony... 0
Moon bases though? 0
Did he pay Putin 1 billion for a back rub? 0
"""Democrat Chris Christie arrested for extortion. """ 0
So anyone with money is dirty money to you? 0
You can't just throw out data that doesn't fit your narrative. 0
I really wish I could give a dozen up votes for this comment. 0
And vermin supreme is promising us all a pony. 0
I don't think trump will be able to take it off a federal level 0
their Trump is Gary Johnson (libertarian) 0
my argument is clearly that you shouldn't generalize people into groups. 0
Because the voters were expecting non-bias process. 0
Sounds reasonable enough. 0
How do you increase wages when law changes are already increasing labor cost? 0
Who is the rich person with a good heart? 0
So only people with credentials in counterterrorism can be president? 0
Jewxican. 0
read that in the voice of zoidberg 0
If they don't they were never really supporters to begin with. 0
easily kids these days sure are lucky to have two bootstraps 0
Comment. 0
Show me any post or comment in which I've supported him. 0
Ten thousand years... 0
First encounter with a Clinton/Trump supporter? 0
Plot twist: Those drives probably have Clinton's speeches on them. 0
You should tell them that liberals are going after indoor air pollution and see if they run their pickup truck for 8 hours in their garage. 0
Tact. 0
Not funny. 0
esta bien pero yo soy abuelita tambien aunque soy americana. 0
Yes but Ted Cruz is a complete shithead. 0
Nobody wins unless we all win. 0
Because far too many of your fellow citizens are fools. 0
...only when doing so will protect a Republican. 0
At least they aren't rioting like a group the democrats emboldened. 0
FREE HAT 0
Don't forget the PONY man! 0
that's socialist 0
It's not always illegal. 0
Because I want smaller government and want to pay less for that government 0
All Trump products are riddled with pyrite. 0
"John Scalzi already defined a ""Trumppence"" as ""A profoundly worthless coin""" 0
God have mercy. 0
Caught in a lie like Ted Cruz. 0
k 0
If the Republican party were to die off the Democrats would probably fracture into 2 parties. 0
Mitt Romney 2016 0
You can when he pretty much walks them down the logical trail except for the last logical jump. 0
God just forgot to run the spell checker. 0
I'd be okay with a new leftist party forming as the Establishment Dems and Reps merge together for a center-right corporatist movement. 0
Capter 1: Ignore the Constitution. 0
Christstains is my new favorite word! 0
Apparently more than people are willing to pay to cut pollution. 0
And that she's a woman 0
"""Nobody [...] works full time.""" 0
Do you think bush won 2000 fair and square? 0
"Trump wouldn't have stood a chance for the same reason Conservatives keep posting that ""we need the electoral college becauseas many people live in these 2 dozen blue counties as the rest of America"" meme." 0
Excellent! 0
Comes from not giving to the rich anymore. 0
No spending is too high... military spending specifically 0
I'm 56 and never listen to radio... 0
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahha nice 0
and I thought the liberals were all for it ... Thanks for clearing that up. 0
Lol some more unintelligible ramblings from a typical trump supporter 0
He was all that is man. 0
It's too late now 0
Another way to funnel taxpayer funds to some political crony who runs drug tests. 0
So you're saying that Argentina's president had no idea he was talking to someone who could use the power of the presidency in 3 months if he didn't help him with his businesses? 0
Not the way Hillary runs things. 0
He'll release them when everyone else does the same. 0
... blaming the president for an obstructionist Congress... That's a new one. 0
Because Republicans generally appeal to less educated people who think their shitty diet is normal and fear change. 0
I dont think hillary is healthy enough to last four years in the office 0
Might as well be. 0
"Actually back then the Republicans called it the ""constitutional option""" 0
Since I posted this they've dropped the trespassing charge and are now going after her for participating in a riot. 0
Proud to be one of them! 0
Definitely a Trumper 0
Why not use the basket? 0
A Hilary standard. 0
I'm pretty sure this is the point where Rubio's last hope of pulling ahead of the pack died. 0
All this would have been avoided if Clinton didn't repeal it in the first place 0
How about instead of giving it to seniors we use it to try and put the most insignificant dent in the debt....We gotta start somewhere 0
He would not have won Wisconsin and Michigan. 0
Drunk on stupid 0
That's fair. 0
Combined? 0
I'd love to! 0
He didn't get the gubment re-training. 0
FTFY: Gov Mike Pence seeks to 'mansplain' Indiana 'religious discrimination' law 0
\#butseriouslywhysomanymeniamoneandidontunderstandthis i'm bad at twitter 0
Juliette didn't have a baby. 0
Are you what you leftists call 'toxic masculinity?' 0
I think the reality is that at least some of the civil rights issues don't have the support of the majority of people. 0
Didn't Hillary protect a child rapist as well as threaten or at least make fun of rape victums as well? 0
Good grief that was painful to watch - so many utterly retarded idiots! 0
AP style and grammatical errors are the least of this article's problems. 0
So now the FBI claims to have known? 0
Bangarang. 0
I don't think she's healthy enough to be president. 0
Would that really be enough to force Mexico to pay 30 billion for a giant wall on their border? 0
Wut 0
Turns out one guy can walk and chew bubble gum at the same time and the other can't. 0
All the blacks live on one street in Chicago and they're **killing** each other - Alec Baldwin impersonating Trump on SNL 0
I would be interested to read a serious defense for it. 0
Enjoying 2nd? 0
I used to consider myself a centrist...the Tea Party pushed me left 0
Now if only he had done that *before* his candidate won 0
You make that sound like a bad thing. 0
Who hasn't gotten their dick sucked by someone other than their wife in the White House? 0
how? 0
It's all a big show to placate the hoi polloi. 0
Progress comes with each funeral 0
Breitbart trying to gain a veneer of independence during the transition so that they can basically become state media after the inauguration. 0
This is about inoculating Jeb for when they start asking him how much Saudi money his family has brought in over the years. 0
Pants on fire. 0
"And didn't say ""in God we trust"" until it got pushed through in the 60's." 0
"ITT: Trump supporters rationalizing violence at Trump rallies as being the ""medias"" fault." 0
Wat 0
It's adderall. 0
Now if only he could outpace Clinton in votes and delegates ;) 0
It was far from offensive and hardly inappropriate. 0
Does Trump really need to be asked to disavow the KKK every single day? 0
Think they do more preventing abortion- plus things like HIV 0
I'd like to see a little bit more evidence than just the mere presence of a coincidence. 0
Well put! 0
You mean just before declaring bankruptcy and leaving his investors (taxpayers) to foot the bill? 0
one third of all Hillary votes will be fake... lol 0
It looks like you were wrong. 0
Well there's the problem: you think Trump is telling the truth -- ever. 0
^ example ^ 0
I would love to see a source on this. 0
No one said its illegal... 0
Can you cite an example of a market correcting such an issue? 0
I think he did it on purpose to tick em off. 0
They put the raving loony monster party in to power and brought back the guillotine. 0
"They didn't bleep him saying ""bullshit"" when I was watching it." 0
looks like albert is karma whoring again 0
they need to nominate Schwarzenegger for president to fulfill the promise of Demolition Man 0
Exactly. 0
Support the Troops! 0
he can win if you vote for him silly billy 0
So tickets are fine at the current rate. 0
Brexit won by a million votes too 0
And they're both wrong about NAFTA. 0
How did you watch that? 0
If... if... uhmmm if he gets elected... c-can we move up there? 0
"""democratic republic""" 0
It would be great if someone sued the federal government for the right to open carry in courtrooms so this guy could see how he likes it. 0
damn i would sell my soul for 30 cents per shill 0
We'll see a sudden shift in their opinion and start being told that these programs are somehow absolutely necessary. 0
Denial seems it had to come 0
I read it elsewhere in the thread. 0
Irrelevant 0
It seems that Empress Palpatine will defeat Jar Jar Trump in the upcoming elections 0
That and they just spent their money on weed. 0
Where's Huff Po to tell me how this is racist? 0
if it was a ps 3 we would have had the news a lot sooner. 0
I think that was hillarys excuse 0
The only guy with hands smaller than Trumps. 0
actually anyone/Palin is a guaranteed win for Obama 0
Sun Tzu went on killing sprees? 0
Poketype. 0
"""keep Hillary honest"" LOL" 0
They alluded to that in the article. 0
You're talking about Bernie and Hillary 0
I like your devil's advocate style. 0
Bill was (and still is) a highly popular president even amidst the scandals. 0
"I think that was ""took over Texas""" 0
So brave........ 0
Wow that cleared your head by a mile it seems. 0
And then they leaked the evidence to the press. 0
Into a lizard 0
Guess it didn't get the same kind coverage/treatment afterwards then? 0
AC gives no fucks. 0
Yea that was right before he bailed out the banks. 0
Lol 0
It helps when so many angry dumb motherfuckers are only too happy to support the Koch agenda of redirecting that economic anger at other Americans who work for a living. 0
(it does) 0
No that's what I said I'm saying past candidates who have released tax returns have zero bearing on current ones. 0
NC and SC make decent states in the south look bad. 0
Well he has opened for Cruz at countless speeches so I think it's a little deeper than guilt by association. 0
The wealthy consume more. 0
Obviously Pence has been left out of the loop at Trump Central. 0
^ Obviously not a member of the quiverfull movement. 0
Because there's not enough ridiculous name calling in American politics. 0
Not when we just bail the banks out when no one can afford to pay back those risky loans. 0
Cool. 0
Yeah trump is like the first person to win Iowa in a long ass time who doesn't want a medieval theocracy 0
Got any interesting stories/tidbits? 0
You mean I have to live here too? 0
Or just biting down. 0
And apparently those feelings aren't empathy or compassion. 0
Don't forget that bombshell that's about to release today. 0
Hope the electors kick him out? 0
So we should overturn citizens united and apply the same corporate spending limits to unions? 0
Not sure that party was ever good in the 80's.... 0
White does not mean not an immigrant 0
It doesn't seem like they listen anyway. 0
The hardest part about measuring Trump's package is sneaking a ruler into Chris Christie's mouth. 0
I have come to the conclusion that democrats are only good at paying attention to republicans. 0
Building a wall... White walkers led by an evil being... 0
Source? 0
Our vetting process is dramatically different than Europe's. 0
I was satirising the thought process of people who thought Trump was more honest than Clinton 0
If you call out millennials (even if I believe it is wrong for you to generalize) then you must call out the old who don't get informed and vote based not on policies and such but name recognition (and vagina). 0
If he loses big tommorow it will be statisicslly impossible for him to win the nom. 0
Because the mainstream media outlets aren't covering it 25/8 like they are Trump's theatrics. 0
We can usually tell. 0
This time a republicans have the senate so the democrats can't block AR's to make thing worse than they need to be. 0
Automatic guns are insanely hard to get. 0
What clocks? 0
that's that whole making the public afraid so you can do what you want shit again. 0
I do not. 0
You should come up with a better response to valid criticism. 0
I didn't vote for the guy. 0
Not without the repeal of the 22nd Amendment. 0
You think Obama went to the Situation Room and commanded the military to bomb Syrian soldiers? 0
Do they have something to hide? 0
"They went through that teleportation pod from The Fly and now they're ""Trump Clinton""- our worst nightmare." 0
I'll tattoo Trump's face on my dick if he does. 0
Yes this guy is correct everyone this is the exact same thing I have been hearing 0
Explanation? 0
I'm counting on it. 0
Scalia is completely inconsistent with how he interprets the 14th Amendment. 0
Daw a libertarian! 0
-Gives outlandish statement -MSM covers it -Complains MSM covers it -Gives another outlandish statement 0
"TL:DR; you don't know what ""fair"" means." 0
That should be on an Obama poster immediately. 0
You found the guy who has been warning your for months about what is going to happen as the powerful grab more power to crash you and me. 0
TIL: Ben Carson is a Seekirt Mooslem 0
I agree. 0
create the thread then troll troll troll troll troll... way to prove your a fucking moron zerorules. 0
Hiroshima was an incredibly valuable military-industrial target. 0
Didn't think you could do it 0
You don't have to buy votes that have already been bought. 0
You people really do like to boil everything down to black and white don't you 0
Wrong! 0
That's because they are. 0
Braggart. 0
Obama was also the chair of the Senate subcommittee on foreign relations in Europe before running for president. 0
Wishful thinking on duckie's part. 0
Title sounds like it should be long to the North Korea sub Reddit. 0
You can say the same thing about politifact 0
Keep telling yourself that. 0
Tilting at the windmills at its best. 0
That may have been her point 0
And then got the guy that represented their views the least the presidency. 0
Fucking lieberman. 0
Bernie is losing his power with his supporters pretty fast here. 0
Damn that's clever 0
Probably won't be a record for him. 0
No true Libertarian would be for stronger immigration laws. 0
Sure doesn't sound like a free market to me... 0
Racism. 0
That and the Feds off balance sheet 0% lending of trillions of dollars. 0
Guessed it was HAHA Goofman from the title! 0
Trump couldn't win against an orangutan as long as it had a donkey sticker pinned to it's forehead. 0
Rank my gaming backlog and start trying to finish games. 0
T-bills = $ 0
How do you figure? 0
or how about a serious drop in violent crime since the 80s? 0
I believe he has been cited more than William Shakespeare 0
Double lulz for me being from DFW. 0
I can think of one person that does. 0
Access is not an emotional issue if you are a wheelchair user. 0
Let me ask hillary supporters this - when trump gets elected are you going to try to run Hillary again in 2020 0
Let's not forget it was an illegal donation. 0
I'm pretty right wing and I support all of that over this piece of crap we have. 0
Amen 0
lmao@ liberals getting screwed by establishment Dems *already*. 0
As opposed to the good old days when sociopathy was considered a virtue. 0
you mean the middle class that's worse off than it's been in three generations? 0
a meme would be even better 0
Covering an also-ran is not much of a moneymaker. 0
They have done settlements before that required the other party to not disclose evidence. 0
The same NDAA that was ignored the when W signed it. 0
Will not happen. 0
21 Trillion* 0
It is sad what illegal activities people will document. 0
But I wanted to upgrade to a 4k TV with my $500 tax refund Trump was going to give me to distract me from him shoveling our nation's resources into corporate America's pockets :( 0
I have no problem with that. 0
Her campaign has been hitting him with pool noodles. 0
What's the explanation? 0
If he can't win then all he's doing is fucking up a clean election between people who can. 0
Thank god we got those two crazies out so we could have outstanding candidates like Trump and Hillary. 0
Something tells me dunkin donuts won't be selling edibles. 0
Found the John Oliver fan 0
It felt like most of them were self-inflicting...70% if you watch the full thing..he was only supposed to start with one... Not saying all of them were bad in the start later it totally became a fuckin rally speech.. Seriously why can't he give us atleast one night to like him .. 0
*holds up spork* 0
"No but oppressing NDAA and fearing the ""ObamaCare death camps"" is not quite the same thing" 0
Not according to your source. 0
Being neutral =/= being against 0
Fucking attention whores want some of that glorious wing nut limelight. 0
if it did-we wouldn't have had ACA to begin with. 0
Do we miss Bush? 0
Lets hope so 0
Used to be that selling out one's countrymen was considered betrayal; now it's just good business. 0
OK 0
Sounds like your internet is from the 80s 0
They do all agree Impeach the President first then nothing at all to worry about forever. 0
I was born on third base by myself so thus I hit a triple. 0
Sorry just wanted to know what you think. 0
Thank you 0
"You think the paper boy needs a ""living wage""(whatever that means)?" 0
"Who is ""we"" and why are we going to wish the gatekeepers remained in place?" 0
no they aren't they are just getting paid. 0
high school civics. 0
he'd be proud of you and your knowledge of emperor clod trivia 0
You mean the bot? 0
They have always had a very selective memory of Reagan. 0
I don't believe anyone who spells Jennifer with a G 0
If there was ever a Sith in the White House it was Cheney. 0
"define ""sincere party"" and then broadly and in the most generalized way possible apply it to the major two parties and lets see what we come up with?" 0
Crammed. 0
I'm surprised you admitted that. 0
"Do we really have to comment this every time the word ""hacked"" is used in a news article in any context?" 0
Yep. 0
wages aren't stagnant if you look at overall compensation. 0
Why not call it **Sucking Koch**? 0
But it is legal to just assume they are from in state for a private sale. 0
Frank Underwood from the hit Netflix series 'House of Cards.' 0
Clinton (Alinsky)/Lucifer 2016 0
Worth it? 0
And that makes it ethical? 0
Woosh 0
LBJ's jumbo penis is but a micro penis in comparison. 0
Schumer is right. 0
And people who want an honest president. 0
I foundered myself on those in my 20's... They taste like cardboard with a cheap tomato paste slathered on. 0
Says nervous man for the seventh time this year. 0
This is why we should not put important government facilities in confederate states. 0
lol sure. 0
You are in the right place! 0
Well... but legalized pot! 0
Yep imo Sanders probably benefited from Iowa and Nevada's systems. 0
Jesus Christ the man donated 100% to charity and yet you're still trying to find something to whine about. 0
I think you just missed the point of his post. 0
Yeah cause everybody else knows exactly what Biden's up to lately? 0
Hillary is like Jeb! 0
and armed. 0
Wha 0
Do you need a safe space? 0
More likely to result from local pressure to enact state laws that further restrict eligibility to run for officials from that state based on how they finance their campaigns. 0
I voted for her today. 0
It's not considered the media establishment now; it always has been the media establishment... It's in the heart of New York City. 0
And apparently lose the ability to count to 6.... 0
Are you joking? 0
You are clearly sheltered. 0
The only reason why is because Congress can't work together to get shit down so it then falls upon the Executive branch to keep the government operating. 0
Does this affect the outcome of the nomination process or anything else for that matter? 0
She's too PC/passive. 0
If they're so adamant to keep the law on the books why don't they start some kind of enforcement effort and see how well that plays out? 0
I thought you'd understand the phrase because it means you're looking at the same facts but see them differently. 0
"""Rapist""" 0
Where are these documents? 0
That doesn't change anything... What is your point? 0
Let me introduce you to our friend Japan... 0
Thanks Chicago 0
Seems like it's comparing two people to one 0
True. 0
Can't wait for Annonymous to make their endorsement announcement. 0
False equivalence 0
Or do they check to see what someone's drinking history is like to prevent possible drunk driving incidents? 0
The best people. 0
That's what religion does to people. 0
By a conglomerate of media sources who have been telling us Shillary is the nominee since day one. 0
Religion is just a backstop for his immense ego. 0
Can you explain how baby boomers made millennials racist and skeptical of vaccines? 0
like playing chess with a pigeon 0
Please provide a source for Obama exposing Seal Team 6. 0
Jenniferlawrencethumbsup.gif 0
Enron 0
Why does reddit want to abandon the US's only ally in the ME? 0
President of New Columbia! 0
Then the whole world will become hostile. 0
Not according to the Church Trump donated to. 0
People in poor neighborhoods would actually benefit from a school voucher program allowing them to go to private schools. 0
I don't think that was him tweeting 0
As if he's ever said anything that remotely self-cognizant in his life. 0
So much for a guy that cant even win the nomination. 0
The problem with this assumes that criticism for one candidate is explicitly promoting another candidate. 0
I live in rural California and there are plenty of those around as well. 0
Hillary is gonna be so so mad about these facts/lies. 0
Keillor is so funny and profound. 0
You can't stay in college if you can't pay the bill. 0
The Shia and Sunni feud didn't help ether 0
Sarcasm? 0
His properties are not one of a kind. 0
facts are facts 0
Because during the GOP Primaries he didn't say god enough or talk shit about homosexuals. 0
We are going to be waiting a while. 0
You mean like he was going to build a big glorious huge wall? 0
This has to be satire... 0
Did you know that ostriches also stick their heads in the sand? 0
Hey says a lot of things. 0
Does anybody believe this? 0
"Your ""estimate"" is one opinion from a conservative newspaper." 0
they can film it somewhere else. 0
"I think calling them ""Wall Streetwalkers"" is better." 0
It's gonna be great it's gonna be great it's gunna be great 0
Yeah.. no shit. 0
Abolish the DEA. 0
He was responsible for bringing the criminals to justice. 0
Apparently his words aren't alpha enough. 0
The only thing Chris Christie should be president of is a buffet restaurant 0
GOP economists and HRC mouth PK - banks were guilty of nothing...oops. 0
Whoosh 0
Somalia is a fine example of collectivist mob rule on a tribal scale. 0
You have nothing to fear but fear itself - FDR We have nothing but fear so fear fear fear - GOP 0
Something he has in common with the Clinton team 0
Bill Clinton is doing the eulogy-- I think Obama pulled some strings behind the scenes because he knows this will pump Hillary up. 0
...I'd watch that. 0
exactly 0
Please tell me again how Trump's campaign isn't just a big dog whistle for moronic racists? 0
So are males going to have to wait 72 hours before they can get Viagra? 0
Probably one of the few acceptable ones. 0
But a few centralplanners know what is best for us all is true? 0
"That was the goal - to disable two strong regional powers from their regular interference in Israel""s hegemony." 0
No news is good news. 0
Giant Meteor 2016 is #MoreTrustedThanHillary! 0
Palin is why America is no longer great. 0
Most people don't know about jury nullification. 0
Last two polls had him 6 and 9 points behind so it looks like he's gaining ground. 0
NC reelected Republicans because their districts are drawn in such a way that they are practically forced to. 0
where is the proof that she a high end escort? 0
Sad. 0
But it is not the footage. 0
But... He said I'd be shocked by what his never-sent investigators in Hawaii found out. 0
I can't say I disagree with any of that. 0
mad much... it's clowns like you that make this world suck. 0
How so? 0
I'll admit I was wrong. 0
Some with a greater proportion of the ignorant than others 0
Bill should probably stop helping. 0
Why is this one intelligence agency keeping us all up to date with vague information that seems designed to inflame speculation and suspicion about this one particular politician? 0
I like this Obonga guy much better than that old cunt but this title is very misleading. 0
Wharton is an Ivy League school with the #1 Business program in the world. 0
What Stephen Lynch is really saying is the Kochs have got him by the balls 0
What? 0
tell that to everyone who bitches about goldman sachs employees donating to obama 0
Stop. 0
Then I shudder to think what will happen if Crazy-Trump makes the Supreme Court choices... Yikes! 0
I mean if want to to complete against 50 cent wages to work in pollution spewing fire trap sweat shop with no rights or benefits be my guest. 0
Entitled to at 120 but the offer was extended to them once the contentious nature of these elections became apparent. 0
Future historians are going to refer to these times as the WTF era. 0
So... you *don't* like the party which enthusiastically promotes oligarchical policies? 0
Iz only smellz 0
True dat. 0
That will show them! 0
"I believe the term you're looking for would be ""Ivory-tower academic""." 0
Gotta keep hope alive 0
Plus in this election cycle so is everyone else. 0
Unless that candidate wants to make it legal for people to sue gunmakers for an individual's choice to rampage with a tool. 0
That one time a couple of Busters started yelling at the convention and were so numerous that they were drowned out by WiFi hotspots. 0
So johnson? 0
Thank you. 0
*the US 0
You're absolutely correct. 0
Nothing will happen he will be president and live at trump tower 0
She really doesn't want to disclose the contents of her Wall Street speeches... they must be filled with 'CP time' jokes. 0
That's actually a nuanced position that I can respect. 0
Sarah Palin: America's Retard 0
Is this the ending of the second Civil War? 0
pussies full of deplorables to grab? 0
Plus apparently he insists on sleeping in NYC every night... so there's that. 0
Some would even say he's a giant douche. 0
"The ""honest"" candidate." 0
My god I hated policy debate 0
What has that got to do with a thread about what happens if Clinton drops out? 0
Glenn Beck says Trump will start his own news network full of followers looking for reasons to be angry and violent 0
What about what Ted Cruz said about your account? 0
NC-12 is also supposed to be 'cultural': wikipedia says it is predominantly black. 0
Was it Russia that wrote and sent the emails? 0
Time to boycott congress. 0
Only on the basis of race or servitude. 0
Who can keep up with every penny when you are a multi-millionaire? 0
"His ""I'll keep you in suspense"" schtick is going to be extra entertaining in 2020 and possibly 2024." 0
Enjoy the re-education camp. 0
He should open a jar of pickles to prove his health. 0
This kills the anus. 0
no kidding... 0
Our voting system needs a complete overhaul 0
They do better because they are allowed to have admissions standards and the parents who send their kids to them tend to be the parents who take at least a little interest in their kids' lives. 0
You realize he'll still pay taxes on offshore income as well... 0
TIL another big difference between Norway and Sweeden. 0
His principle is putting America First. 0
Maybe the movie The Postman is about to begin...... 0
How hated would a Trump president with Hillary VP be? 0
"""The South will rise again"" and all that." 0
With the current world population I don't believe we should be curing any more diseases. 0
And they are all like c list at best too nothing major. 0
whoosh 0
Just another GOP attempt to make me uneasy about sex... I don't care what eldersexuals do in their own homes but I don't want it rubbed in our children's faces! 0
Somebody's doing the raping. 0
Or more likely they know their mail-in ballots will be torn and thrown in the trash based on the color of their skin 0
You're comparing one pile of shit to another. 0
Both still beat the two candidates that are equally likely to start needless warfare. 0
Abortion gay doctors are the best! 0
Because pro-trump 0
A normal orange would be a better candidate! 0
The registration deadline being 3 weeks ago? 0
"any jail sentence is going to be because she made some ""important people"" look like fools." 0
It's funny to speculate on a poll from a news obfuscation (not a typo) that would think nothing of throwing away two thirds of the ballots in a poll to achieve the result they want. 0
lmao 0
Homophobic much? 0
Hahahahaha! 0
Incredible 0
Could you explain how they are related... I mean if economists say that a 15 dollar min wage in the American Economy would hurt it.... why would it matter that she made 153 million? 0
I wonder what people will say if the Feds validate the State investigation. 0
Thanks! 0
many of whom are in the same political chamber as himself. 0
You're one to talk. 0
Except gun violence is down while gun ownership is up... 0
"...the site is literally entitled ""Being Libertarian""..." 0
What do you think that proves? 0
we should be so lucky haha 0
You're a Vichy Democrat. 0
Or it could be taken that he meant the latest generation of voters has had access to a machine that stores the sum of human knowledge and has been trained to use it since they were children.. 0
"""Number #17 will BLOW YOUR MIND!""" 0
Still going strong. 0
"""came out"" lol..." 0
Hannihilism. 0
Godwins Law 0
Oooh.... you mean the *junkie*. 0
lol ill take your 1980 East Germany and raise you my 1980 West Germany 0
Cherry slurpees can't freeze steel beams 0
No breaks! 0
Glad you're here. 0
Who? 0
John Rambo. 0
Because the frontrunner sets the tone. 0
When did Obama acted like a whiny bitch? 0
Trump will die or will not run for a second term. 0
Par for the course on this sub for sure 0
And completely on his own came up with the idea that it would be a good idea for someone to primary Obama. 0
making fun of someone because of the color of their skin is racist boyo. 0
I wouldn't even guarantee that *entirely*. 0
Isn't the name of the person in charge of an administration suppose to come first? 0
Absolutely agree... 0
Dick Cheney puts the Callous back in Conservative 0
The worst part about Austin is that it isn't Houston :P 0
Blowing up brown people requires American employees too! 0
Where? 0
I'm not seeing their insult. 0
gay marriage isn't about killing religion...Saying it will only serves to confirm the delusions of people who are afraid that is the end game. 0
Im gonna need some tax returns... 0
"""We'll make our own reality.""" 0
Enough baggage to sink the titanic? 0
Make sure you keep a copy for yourself ... 0
What 0
So they are just throwing money away to defend a law that is in clear violation of Roe v Wade? 0
Negotiation is sexist 0
All their life force was just used up. 0
The high number of undecided voters makes the forecasts much wider 0
I appreciate the single upvote! 0
Well generally you have to feed the kid the whole 18 years at least. 0
There's a fine line between loyalty and stupidity. 0
that's fancy talk for real thin-like 0
Yeah I guess not. 0
But what does Ja Rule think? 0
Third times the charm... 0
Being associated with someone who claims that the bulk of Mexican immigrants to the US are drug dealers and rapists is probably not that great for Univision 0
Wouldn't that be sedition? 0
RTFA 0
"You mean getting a bunch of people to google ""who is gennifer flowers"" only to learn that she was one of Bill Clinton's mistresses and that following the affair Hillary Clinton was named as a defendant in a defamation case?" 0
And you can submit another FOIA request for the reason why they denied the FOIA request :DDD 0
Nice of you to step up and offer him help with his erection. 0
Economy = helping the rich get richer 0
I love the Irony of all those Pro-America bumper stickers on a Scion. 0
So how does one acquire personal property? 0
bla bla bla bla bla bla bloppity gloopity poopity bla bla bla 0
You were discussing an impact on taxes that would only occur if it was a wealth tax instead of an income tax. 0
They certainly weren't going to get it with a third Obama term 0
The babysitter needs to wash the sippy cup. 0
Fantasy Reagan is so pliable. 0
The mild inconvenience of it all! 0
Is that seriously how you respond to that man's eloquent and thorough synopsis of the passing of this landmark bill? 0
More like a team in the locker room after the game throwing a hail Mary into the toilet 0
which one's the largest? 0
If the government tells you something that means it is true y/n? 0
It's what their masters pay them to do. 0
Obama got to protect his boys. 0
Your argument against something I didn't say is very strong. 0
They might just not vote 0
Soon after that: The Muslim ban was Hillary's idea. 0
So exactly how many companies does this cover? 0
I was gonna say... Trump has really not needed any help. 0
An Astonishing 99% of Democrats incorrectly believe the United States elects through popular vote not electoral college. 0
I would rather see Hillary in Jail than in the White House and I can't believe any human in this nation wants the sexual predator back in the White House. 0
Other half voting for Hillary. 0
I'm so sad for you. 0
does it matter where the information(email) comes from if its true? 0
Nailed it 0
Yeah it would really suck to give workers a bigger say in their worke environment. 0
Yeah a vote for the international business man wth his fingers in around a hundred countries is a really good way to stick it to globalization. 0
I'm offended that you would even suggest telescopes aren't a basic human right. 0
Then Republicans would have to come up with a different way to scare people 0
Now that is a fun fact! 0
"Think you meant to say ""deal with Trump instead of Sanders""" 0
If Prince funded Donald Trump I might consider voting for him. 0
I was thinking of FIPA 0
If that's the case then she can just write a speech that makes her look good and say that's the transcript. 0
It's generally not a sign of intelligence to support Trump either. 0
Sounds like a vague and unrealistic fantasy to me 0
Benghazi! 0
If she KNEW it was coming... Telepathy would be the only way to know before hand... 0
Copying physical property with replicator technology is stealing. 0
lol-- He's even offended babies. 0
It's almost like the republican senator really believes in the conservative ideology so much that he became a republican senator and will vote for people that will advance those political positions and vote against candidates that you perceive to go in the opposite direction of that ideology. 0
And their parents are being charged with negligence and child endangerment right? 0
Just like Obama is definitely a Muslim hell-bent on destroying this country......8 years down the road 0
But wouldn't he be required to answer any questions that fall within the realm of his immunity deal? 0
Polls were way off here. 0
Waterwhitewatergate 0
I think many of his supporters are using him as an excuse to be racist and to shame Muslims and homosexuals. 0
I'm picturing the SNL skit now. 0
I am a Sanders supporter and emails are not the reason I am not sure I can vote for Hillary. 0
Lmao you just know the Democrats are up to no good. 0
I am Jack's complete lack of surprise. 0
I think people(of any race) should be able to choose who they want to let onto their own property based on whatever criteria they choose. 0
Natural systems like gangs? 0
I don't want to kill anyone. 0
It's at least a step up from planning to fill super soakers with urine and bags with diarrhea. 0
Without the corruption. 0
apparently you've never been to college or you would know that there is specific documents you must show and provide in order to get a college ID. 0
I got it ;) 0
Yeah seems about right. 0
see: username 0
since he wants to invoke slavery: Clarence Thomas- #1 house negro 0
The Governor's endorsement really should have went to Kasich. 0
He's a Ron Paul. 0
Source? 0
Not necessarily. 0
I love that you actually know this. 0
I can see the past and it's a good indication of the future. 0
One could speculate that they do indeed have real evidence and that agents sympathetic to the right are leaking this to put pressure on Obama to indict. 0
Ding...Ding...Ding.... I think you just got a fellowship at the Santorum Institute. 0
"How arguments based on religion usually end: ""Enough people agree with me to make your facts irrelevant.""" 0
Another problem is proving that it is real. 0
I wonder if one of the women he grabbed got pregnant if his would not play her a lot of money to not be pro-life and to keep her mouth shut. 0
Be exotic and carry a bunch of $2 bills. 0
2nd 0
I'm not the one who keeps bringing up Evangelicals. 0
How many of those are republicans wishing the Trump element would leave their party? 0
It's funny because Noone else is going to win the general except for trump. 0
Maybe not after #demexit 0
That was Reagan's amnesty plan in a nut shell. 0
Or the beginning of WW2. 0
They're actually a perfect representation of us as a whole. 0
Except more people saw the iceberg coming than those that didn't. 0
I didn't even know this was in dispute. 0
And this is why you lost. 0
Na but I'll check it out if it's good 0
I don't get it. 0
Good. 0
Lol 0
beware of jingoistic chants... 0
You can't know or tell the truth in politics. 0
"He said he would be willing to put Americans considered to be engaged in ""terrorist activity"" in military tribunals in Guantanamo taking away citizen's rights to a trial." 0
The propaganda will continue to pretend he isn't really a candidate so he will win some more primaries. 0
"What is a ""non-traditional"" justice?" 0
That is way too much stress on the rear axles. 0
No he fucking hasn't. 0
Because people like you exist and have no problem taking away people's rights? 0
I would point out that we do have an entirely volunteer military. 0
I want to be Utah when I grow up. 0
Don't forget NAFTA moving plants to Mexico. 0
Shouldn't providing evidence of citizenship be an essential step for any democratic election? 0
I think that article is basically click bait behind a soft paywall. 0
Poor little Americans thinking that only they can influence other nations... 0
^ This is the problem 0
Megathread incoming 0
Unfortunately seal team six died and cant verify shit 0
china is stagnating. 0
Always knew Trumpettes didn't want freedom in this Country. 0
You clearly haven't seen my Facebook feed. 0
Not sure why down voted... 0
Trump is constantly whining about shit though 0
Ten feet higher! 0
well said .. I am your newest convert .. I will begin by pointing out that Congress is anti-consumer 0
"indeed... ""UBC"" loopholes all closed and NFA repealed would pass in a heartbeat" 0
Rehosting content from multiple sources is still rehosting content. 0
To feed his ego? 0
I would like to insert a Fuck You McCain in your place if i may. 0
More than 3 or 4%. 0
They make up for what they lack in science with their ability to make nonsense sound plausible and do it with unimpeachable confidence. 0
"TIL that military bases count as ""welfare.""" 0
If they're looking for good ideas on reddit we need a better class of nutjob. 0
But it's dry heat ;) 0
Sounds like he finally outed himself. 0
"Never said it did - I'm just forestalling the ""go back and read your bible quips"" some other folks got for opposing abortion." 0
You mean 'Freedom Fries'. 0
TIL a word I never wanted to know. 0
Said another Wall Street mouthpiece... 0
Every president gets that type of security regardless of salary silly. 0
TPP!=trade 0
Christian Taliban. 0
You want to volunteer for labor? 0
Blanket statement 0
Quick raise the taxes more that'll show em 0
"Most of them would first respond with ""are you sure it's mine?""" 0
Young black boys with toy guns seem to scare them quite a bit. 0
The question was more aimed at the possibility of both Kasich and Cruz realizing that it's futile to continue running and Trump being the only nominee left in the process. 0
"We need to watch carefully to see if she's blinking ""Help me"" in Morse Code during TV appearances." 0
What on earth is she afraid of if she's got nothing to hide? 0
Leaving the US is about the best move anyone can make if they aren't born into wealth. 0
yeah.I'm scared of Putin.Like shit myself if I was alone with him scared.Trump only scares me because he has so much support. 0
Manafort was probably the most dangerous influence on trump and nobody seems to care. 0
Because he doesn't know how to read. 0
You mean California voted for her by more than three million more. 0
You have no idea why you vote - that's the most idiotic false reason I've ever heard. 0
Isn't he busy now leading the knights of the Vale? 0
Theoretically we had competition before the tax increase and Apple doesn't win if it's now losing money on each sale. 0
Why? 0
"""Free market"" capitalists?" 0
Always a need for those with small hands... 0
Hurricane yo 0
^^DETECTED^^ 0
Because it's anti-Hillary news and this is r/politics. 0
it's still in line with what it traditionally has been over the last century. 0
All your base are belong to us. 0
Easy you might hurt something. 0
With a wall 0
Then cut her pay compared to her male colleagues. 0
Never lived in a bad neighborhood have you? 0
SILENCE=DEATH 0
More or less horrific than her husband raping dozens of women? 0
Paint a turd gold and some people will stand in line to buy it. 0
I wish Obama had been caught with the cannabis and cocaine he admits to having used. 0
How is this any worse than taking tens of millions from Saudi and Qatari interests? 0
Agree. 0
According to the Trump campaign all victims of sexual assault deserve to be heard and believed* *as long as you're accusing a political rival and not Trump himself 0
Mexico has extremely strict gun laws. 0
'fad' .... being true since socrates is now a 'fad' 0
At least Ron Paul would give women a shot of useless estrogen if they could prove it was an 'Honest Rape'. 0
No one cares. 0
New Zealand 0
Well at least youre making money... 0
The house decides automatically? 0
Checking out sex tapes at 3am in the night... looks like Trump and I finally have something in common! 0
"This is a big ""fuck you"" to who is watching/who cares." 0
You say Drumpf to Clinton? 0
Obstructionists... 0
A trusted charismatic person that is perceived as the rightful leader of their country reinforcing their worst fears could be a catalyst. 0
his whole life he was the corruptor 0
I hope so because I'd love to see downballot flip and have a super majority. 0
Credibility. 0
He reminds me a lot of the 2000 version of McCain that I was rooting heavily for. 0
How can a country be secular atheist and dominated by radical Islamists? 0
Why were two of her top aides granted immunity? 0
Running for president while FEmale. 0
Why was it so important for Thomas to *break federal law* by concealing her earnings then? 0
Or the autism I'll get from my vaccine? 0
I need to get back to studying my SoIF books cus if it continues like now - I am sure to fail the mid-sem 0
Yep.. we're fucked... 0
K 0
Hillary isn't a woman - she's a *Clinton*. 0
9.... eleven.. 0
If she's lied it was most likely to save the life of a child. 0
In Absentia trials are illegal in the USA. 0
Surprise surprise a garbage source flies to the top of the front page cause it fits the anti Clinton narrative color me surprised. 0
Heil Hydra! 0
"""Four out of ten and seven babes ago...""" 0
BREAKING NEWS: DRUG CZAR TELLS VOTERS TO GO FUCK THEMSELVES. 0
That isn't what I said. 0
Snap! 0
Increasing the cost of construction 0
Those strokes are taking their toll 0
He's too busy working 3 part time jobs to pay for his medication to do any of that. 0
"Comparing Hillary Clinton in an ostensibly 1-on-1 race to 'Jeb ""Fredo"" Bush &amp; the nine other Jabronis' is apples and oranges compared to degree of difficulty." 0
As entertainment or for moral guidance? 0
Must be nice when reality doesn't have to intrude in your world. 0
God forbid the first black president doesn't want to make marijuana a major factor in his legacy. 0
A compelling and devastating critique. 0
How many of those people who grew up with athiest parents or parents who weren't religious? 0
Bush campaigning for Romney would only make Romney's chances worse. 0
I'll have to look into it. 0
coward 0
-gag- Evangelical the people who helped create Trump. 0
I wonder if the flat-tax-black-guy will become a Republican trope. 0
"This ""red scare"" is honestly only to grasp the elderly in a last stitch effort to keep the older generation somewhat important" 0
Good response. 0
agreed. 0
Please! 0
"I know- should have said ""when you do something as transparent as reference Columbine...""" 0
"I am reminded of Ming the Merciless....""Let's just say they'll be satisfied with less""" 0
Hillary is counting on ~~idiots~~ *patriots* like him 0
Source? 0
i agree but that doesn't change the fact rigging the election is far worse than rigging a primary 0
They're not going up for anyone in the middle class except a 0.2% payroll tax for family leave 0
Did anyone expect anything different from our government's corrupt courts? 0
McCarthyism... really? 0
No reason to post a Kansas poll lol 0
Cause Democrats never do anything like this ever... 0
Which is why there are hardly any Democrats anymore. 0
I think the only game they're playing is rushing the emails out so there's nothing hanging over her head if she gets the nomination. 0
"You forgot to tell us about the meaning of the word ""is""." 0
Lie. 0
"""Portland to scare away big companies""" 0
That's so dark it almost makes me wish it WAS for purity ring merchandise.. 0
Which is why I said 'electoral'. 0
Your cognitive dissonance is showing. 0
Robots are fucking awesome. 0
Same! 0
Right that's totally what they're doing. 0
Podesta is calling for them to present any emails related to her to the public which signals to me there's nothing to hide 0
Because they have made this subreddit toxically unreadable for months? 0
I guess now we like that southern belle Lindsey graham. 0
Where's that guy who draws comments when you need him? 0
You have no idea what you're talking about. 0
That would be like Jeb getting elected and people feeling comfortable because GH and GW would be in the shadows guiding him. 0
"Oh man bringing up James ""Dildo boat ""paid by the Trump Foundation"" ""never uncovered illegal activity in his last half dozen videos"" O'Keefe is rich" 0
After all the press and all the articles about ows if you still do not support them you never will. 0
inb4 shillary supporter says something along the lines of scary republicans 0
A signature and a requirement to appear in person. 0
Not at all valid. 0
vitriolic rhetoric 0
My Facebook friends list has been aptly adjusted to exclude these types. 0
So what age group/gender/race are you? 0
"""Clinton says xyz in FBI interview"" and then a few words on the implications on what she said." 0
Is this a promotion? 0
They might just get suicidal *cough* 0
I actually wish it would never end. 0
Wouldnt this require a constitutional amendment? 0
You add nothing but irrational anger. 0
Didn't bother reading my other comments. 0
It almost always does. 0
The man turns people into snakes; he can use Google maps. 0
Yeah I made the title up 0
Both of these are great. 0
Just think of the prime real estate! 0
No pasaran! 0
Ksa is stable because they fund terrorism as long as it's done outside the kingdom. 0
Hillary did a sit down with FOX News Sunday and she had a rally with Warren Buffet yesterday where they both gave Bernie Sanders like speeches saying we must raise wages and tax the wealthy more too invest in jobs and America ..... I would not describe that as being a conservative approach to campaigning.... 0
The bathroom thing isn't that complicated. 0
TIL facts are conspiracies to those they threaten. 0
Courts ruled for Fox News that they can fire employees who refuse to lie when Fox told them to. 0
They told me I might need one if things got worse but 72 days of bed rest kept my baby safe and drove me absolutely crazy. 0
Exactly. 0
Either way it would create a hostile work environment 0
Sarah Silverman is 2. 0
Ah but secret evidence is not the same as the absence of evidence. 0
Bushie the other Bushie the next Bushie the after Bushie 2: bushier 0
Super pacs and the campaign can't coordinate 0
This is now the 3rd time I'm asking the question: can you name one country that has gone bankrupt because of universal health care or universal college? 0
blaming the US populace for the cartels having fully automatic weapons when OP:Fast and Furious was the only way they would have gotten automatics... 0
If Warren backed Clinton all that would do is cause a loss of respect for Warren. 0
What prevents a male pedophile from going into a male restroom with children in it? 0
What's wrong with this picture? 0
Actually infidelity is the case where the bible specifically condones divorce. 0
Probably college. 0
the left might have voted for the Democrats but when were they really left of centre? 0
I fucking hope not 0
Sanders is the joke 0
The only reason he won't win is if they fix the election. 0
she sounds hideous 0
I have already rejected Scott Walker. 0
He is made about the lobbyist audience. 0
Hasn't he done that like 15 million times already? 0
In the end I think this will help her. 0
Delegating 0
While this is very likely true...the title is slightly misleading 0
Only if they are rigger rich 0
Trump's fans are Triggered by a Children's movie. 0
She was most likely joking. 0
Popcorn tastes good 0
I don't think that her being the VP pick actually had that big an influence on the right wing culture though. 0
Well once we find the email where the dnc is paying her..... lol 0
Yet. 0
It is going to take a lot of alcohol to get that picture out of my head. 0
Good idea. 0
oh he'll lose. 0
And yet she chickened out of a debate with Sanders. 0
John Lott is a hack an the only people who give him credence are those that want to keep any safety regulations away from guns. 0
If you didn't like nudity your browser history would be dramatically different. 0
And billionaire Trump and jet setting Clinton have been hanging with the commons? 0
307 0
he's here to gut up conversations again despite being banned multiple times. 0
Can anyone explain how freeing someone from compulsory union membership = extinguishing the burning flame of labor? 0
Can't tell if bitter or salty 0
And is that in some unknown ridiculous metric space with an insane distance? 0
Says the professional candidate with no real interest in becoming president. 0
But anti Clinton women can't be feminists 0
And they never miss an opportunity to bomb a foreign country. 0
The cyber 0
Bernie Sanders 0
The irony is just TOO delicious. 0
Those 8 electoral votes up for grabs must be causing a few schmenzas to rise in the Sanders camp. 0
*sprays kids on sidewalk with hose* 0
Racist is as racist does. 0
extra sausage /haha 0
TIL tens of millions of incensed people with personal firearms is 'some unhappy rednecks'. 0
I said nothing because I was not a snot nosed punk 0
And thus TrumpTV was born and lo it spewed it's ugliness on the world 0
That's all it takes to win. 0
Don't they by the law established by the constitution supposed to be involved... 0
Most of the Jews I know *are* far left Democrats.... 0
Giuliani: I would have to be a moron Couldn't agree more 0
any chance for a link on that nonsense? 0
And bad political leaders 0
"The fact that PRC and ROC both declare themselves the ""One China"" doesn't exactly help matters either..." 0
Since when was this a thing? 0
Keep on Phonebanking. 0
I wish we could fail to renew Congress. 0
If you are too dumb to find a real job and work at Walmart then Texas does not need you there lol 0
Is it illegal to give classified information to someone who is not allowed to have classified information? 0
It's just how normal people react to deplorable things. 0
There are alternatives to the debacle that is ObamaCare. 0
You can't stump the trump 0
"How exactly do you conceal a 32"" long rifle?" 0
The never ending struggle to funnel $SS to the criminals on Wall Street. 0
Less property taxes. 0
Because those voting for socialism think that destroying wealth is a good idea in the name of equality. 0
Where are you from? 0
We did it Reddit! 0
Making cheese is real! 0
Why did you have kids? 0
very 0
Is that possible without exposing themselves to lawsuits ? 0
This headline is like a mashup of everything people hate about Trump rolled into one. 0
He's opposed only when they don't pick him. 0
Meow if only we can get this legislation to pass. 0
great to hear - your vote for president is not nearly the most important vote you place :) Spread the word.... 0
Warren would have been my top choice. 0
Sounds like the current President. 0
It's called amused. 0
So the cost of a car has effectively doubled. 0
Snowden also exposed state secrets to foreign powers through (presumably) gross negligence. 0
Because it's hard to understand how Sanders spent months saying SD's needed to vote for the popular vote winner and is now pissed that they're doing exactly that. 0
If people repeat the same bullshit enough they start to believe it. 0
Imagine what she will be able to do with Putin. 0
I don't understand how that prevents Russia from exporting their own 0
Yeah it's pretty annoying. 0
Would you also say that the Iraqi war was a good idea because at the time polls showed that it had huge popular support? 0
Someone has to be their to control him otherwise who knows what he would do. 0
"""Only the Sith deal in absolutes"" - Obi Wan" 0
you would know 0
Post the photoshopped one. 0
And 100% of Americans support being given $1M with no strings attached. 0
Oh the mods said that it was ok. 0
You left out c) Trump doesn't see anything wrong with starting a nuclear holocaust. 0
It's funny how you actually believe this 0
Based on his cabinet picks I don't think we should expect anything but a radical right agenda from this administration. 0
I'm guessing you've given it a lot of thought? 0
I am glad I haven't I would blow my top and start streaming about how stupid are they that he could cause something 7 years before he was elected 0
*east-european 0
Accidental or forced 0
I call bullshit. 0
well you are right about the white part. 0
ad verecundiam Paul Newman said so. 0
Why should your decision be based on what the President does? 0
It doesn't make much of a difference because most grocery stores still don't have the expensive liquor license. 0
Do you have a source for that? 0
I love BriWi. 0
So no fries then? 0
Not having negative net favorability helps a lot. 0
Confidential is rich talk for global domination plan. 0
America has to press the B button 0
I just wish America was like Europe in that since that the government is afraid of its people when the pull shit like cutting the safety net.. they have convinced the poor rubes in trailer parks living off the government that black people and Latinos are ALSO getting free shit from the government and you should hate them for that. 0
The United States has sovereignty over it's borders now. 0
*whoooooooosh* 0
Threatened much? 0
I want to hear Darrell Issa Apologize to Holder. 0
She seized the chance to break Libyan history though. 0
Unless they actually care about the overall stability of society and the well being of their fellow citizens. 0
Absolutely. 0
"I really enjoyed her ""millennial"" impression." 0
Republicans have *one* skill: they fight to death for causes they are told to support. 0
Conservatives/Republicans determined to beat this topic to death. 0
King of the Jews! 0
Hillary is no saint either and that has nothing to do with her being a woman. 0
Ktnxbai 0
So the truth is irrelevant - all that matters is that someone can spout bullshit unassisted? 0
While those of us on Reddit go how high are you about brownback 0
GOP is hurting the GOP brand. 0
Chick-fil-A needs more cock! 0
Or maybe people don't want a socialist? 0
Because they don't want their taxes raised 0
And you are just ignoring what he did do. 0
Well I hope if Trump wins and does the unthinkable afterall you would oppose it. 0
I was curious as well 0
The post election pivot 0
Except he can't charge the Secret Service rent if they are at his country home. 0
And the emmy goes to.... 0
He needs more water. 0
Not T side scrub 0
If they only hit other gun owners I wouldn't have a problem with that. 0
You're not wrong. 0
You have obviously never been to Sweden. 0
*provides random assertion with no backing *requires backing for rebuttal *strategically retreats from facts 0
The problem is with the ratios of importance to what's being one about it vs the public's perception of importance to what's being done about it. 0
I thought you got momentum points. 0
As long as you'd be willing to give up living in a democracy (or whatever you'd like to call our form of it) nobody would support. 0
Ding ding ding 0
Found the pizzagater. 0
Hold on let me just go back in time and make my parents set up a college fund for me while I'm a baby. 0
Not really the elite in Venezuela are all in government now. 0
Source is literally in the article. 0
Its more like 30 dollars a week tbh 0
Maybe by not actively attempting to sabotage it? 0
What you are observing is just how far right Obama is on the political spectrum. 0
Hopefully it comes back with Shomi shutting down 0
Lmao you must not understand the situation 0
You find it odd that a firm that audited the election which occurred in the last 6 months sprung up in the last 6 months? 0
There is no misunderstanding on where Clinton stands in relation to Wall Street regulation. 0
Demagoguing solutions is the trademark of the tea/ron paul party. 0
An unchecked free market where the weakest in society are ripe for exploitation. 0
So by this definition Bernie is a social democrat? 0
You should try to get your own opinions instead of parroting the cliche SandersForPresident endorsed opinion. 0
Yes Cruz and Rubio. 0
Again. 0
No need for Bern medicine -- this Bern is fading away fine on its own. 0
Aviation week is a very respected source for military affairs. 0
That's what happens when you lie repeatedly to the American public. 0
Free exercise. 0
You gotta admit our conservatives/Republicans are devilishly clever. 0
The guy editorialize the title. 0
Sorry he didn't have the Martin mO'Mentum to go on... I'll just see myself out. 0
I will vote for Hillary OR Bernie -or anyone who is NOT Donald Trump. 0
That's a label not a policy. 0
Who? 0
...but hillary 0
Did you forget something? 0
It's how they describe the bullet velocity and impact by weight on a stationary target. 0
90% seems like a lot 0
PC brahs are the liberal equivalent. 0
Who needs game of thrones when you can be a US Citizen under the umbrella of this election cycle... 0
good and i hope the evil chinese government is shitting itself. 0
She's handling the big bore gun. 0
We'd have an inflation the likes of which we have never seen in our lifetimes. 0
Most of the Tesla supercharges have solar panels above them as shade and the rest are being upgraded. 0
She can dodge the truth just like she can dodge Bosnian sniper fire. 0
Who said anything about current prisoners? 0
Sexists aren't going to vote for Clinton anyway. 0
5D Marco Polo 0
Lol 0
It is possible to believe in global warming and its effects without believing in man-made global warming. 0
That is the case 0
I love it when you guys call it an inquiry. 0
There were no more babies to eat? 0
What does his private jet run on again? 0
Someone find Mr.Pence a safe space! 0
The photoshopped one they pass off as real? 0
The etch-a-sketch is taking effect with him as well. 0
Or orangewashing? 0
He is still a secret Cuban. 0
It's pretty good again. 0
Yea but I expect the GOP to create a super-delegate system to prevent a Trump-type candidate from winning the nomination again 0
99% is actually a little low. 0
First you have to figure out how to waddle out of your Moms basement tough guy. 0
I know basic arithmetic. 0
"Remember P-Diddy's awesome ""Vote or Die"" campaign to turn out the youth vote in 2004?" 0
This is a cop-out and you know it. 0
Maybe what's wrong with Baltimore isn't the fault of local govt but the result of national issues. 0
Do they have any MAGA Menorahs? 0
Get out of the tribalist mindset - both sides are lying. 0
Just FYI these emails were already reviewed by the FBI before Comey announced that there would be no indictment. 0
Examples? 0
IOKIYAR 0
Another shining example of how their claims are not always commiserate with reality 0
That will be great comfort to the tens of thousands of families who will lose a member from such an act. 0
Seeing as Wikipedia is more accurate then the encyclopedia Britannica I'd count it as a good source. 0
Riggity Riggity REKT 0
How many red hearings have you released into the wild when confronted with actually arguments. 0
Beat me to it. 0
It's so funny how Hillary supporters try to use identity politics to dismiss arguments and peoples perspectives. 0
Wolf in sheep's clothing...nothing more. 0
Like you I thought that may be too much assistance. 0
There is also the public option option. 0
I'm going to shorten my usual request for a citation validating your assertion: Liar 0
And it's still true 0
Now Texas can join the likes of progressive states like Illinois which also legally prohibit recording police. 0
The anthrax mail thing has only been linked to domestic origins- which makes it even stranger. 0
It's only a scratch. 0
I wonder if he thinks that counts as charity. 0
The proof that the Hillary campaign cheated is... 0
So you've just put a huge hole in your own argument! 0
He did test positive on all his tests. 0
PP should put up the raw video on their web site if they feel it exonerates them. 0
It isn't her Presidential campaign? 0
Except Bernie Sanders got like 100x more coverage 0
1D downs syndrome checkers 0
When has praising the Axis powers ever gone wrong? 0
Are you suggesting that there are a bunch of women who would like to be sexually assaulted? 0
Who cares? 0
*They'd prefer Trump to win 0
I love NY. 0
"""Taking the seat for the DNC"" dosen't really accomplish much when you elect a Republican with a D next to their name." 0
She'll still win by a fucking mile. 0
Or any research into any scheduled substances because we all know how much Christie is beholden to the pharmaceutical industry. 0
I was really hoping for some sick burn like the deleted email tweet. 0
Pretty sure Ron Paul didn't get anywhere near the sport that bernie has. 0
Brought to you by Carls Jr. 0
Bingo! 0
I just think there were a lot of cool alt histories starting around the fall of Rome so God dropped a quicksave. 0
The recounts would've been as effective as the Green Party campaign will be in 2020 0
Entering the professional work force is gonna be rough for you 0
Anyone who does that will be quickly killed. 0
Richer than most American. 0
"""It's icky!""" 0
We want a justice system that is just. 0
Glyphosate is found in unsafe concentrations in the urine of most Americans. 0
He could paste this for any list of judges from Trump and it would work. 0
Please list off ever candidate of a major political party who has NOT released their tax returns since Nixon. 0
"Look through the comments on the article.. ""what he meant was"" (or some variation) appears several times." 0
And under investigation 0
Do you think Indiana may go to Clinton because of Trump picking Pence? 0
The economy recovered nicely for the 1% crowd. 0
You are doing a great job creating a dialog with yourself. 0
When did conservatives become such pant-shitting cowards? 0
I guess she is a J. Edgar Hoover kind of transgender lady. 0
With all of YouTube's demonitization and other drama lately anyone want to bet they take no action to a racist YouTube channel which uses fake scenarios to spread racism? 0
The only thing it needs to be saved from is the GOP. 0
Really disproving my thesis there... 0
Why should they be allowed to stay? 0
She should be tried for outright *treason* at this point. 0
Have we gotten anything out of these petitions other than a beer recipe? 0
Then lets hope he injects some science in this magic show. 0
Old people vote. 0
...there was no podium in the aisle of her airplane. 0
She DOES work for Fox News. 0
I really just want to thank you for proving my point 0
I've wondered about a corporate death penalty for years. 0
Salty you are. 0
65+ Democrats are really want to be Republicans but don't know how. 0
Yeah well Trump lost my vote a long time ago 0
Eminent domain is theft. 0
Sounds great. 0
No one's going to tell him this. 0
no dark sarcasm in the classroom... 0
Buzz- your website- woof! 0
Is anyone worried AT ALL that Bernie Sanders has barely had any substantial negative attacks made against him? 0
It's the truck nuts of corporate branding. 0
And almost died with that coughing fit. 0
That isn't even close to the actual issue here. 0
"""Ministry of Truth.""" 0
See also: Hillary Victory Fund 0
Democrats not eager to woo disaffected Bernie supporters and working class whites. 0
How about the War on War. 0
And that's saying a lot. 0
And yet the PATRIOT Act was pushed through because the FISA restrictions were too onerous. 0
I want both sides of that boat to sink. 0
God made Bachmann just for the sake of fun. 0
Back to this faux scandal again are we? 0
I have trouble imagining Bernie would go for that. 0
They do really seem to hate everything but having guns. 0
Without evidence you opinion is worth no more than anyone else's. 0
But the FBI investigators on reddit told me she is going to be indicted? 0
It would be better for everyone if sociopaths and borderline sociopaths who break the law were in prison rather than on a police force. 0
Their daughters are good friends 0
Because most of them support big business shitting on the Earth every day and hate the fact that we have a day dedicated to cutting that back. 0
Republicans are easily confused. 0
Supporting the police and wanting them to stop being so trigger-happy are not mutually exclusive. 0
It should serve as a deterrent against intelligent people moving to his city. 0
The world has already experienced far right ideology based on fantasy. 0
If you have no loopholes and deductions it's a lot easier. 0
Fortunately the job has qualifications listed and Jill Stein meets those qualifications. 0
Nothing civilized about sending an American to prison as a cover story to a foreign policy failure. 0
There it is. 0
why the hell is Kasich on the article picture? 0
Back to pornhub with you! 0
You hit the nail on the head. 0
And people say the GOP isn't gay friendly. 0
Edgy *and* original. 0
The true party crasher in this race has been the corporate sector. 0
I think this analogy breaks down when you consider that (a) Bernie probably won't be communicating from beyond the grave and (b) that every BernieBro wouldn't get to be Luke Skywalker (unless Bernie plans on working a lot harder in death than he did in life). 0
Trump incites Jeep driver to drive over protesters. 0
What is worse a blind world or a world where only the meek are blind? 0
Marching down the street peacefully is neither of those. 0
Wow! 0
You would think they'd want their social security expanded. 0
...wish I could upvote you more... or alternatively... AMEN BROTHER! 0
Oh shit do you also negotiate with world leaders? 0
The GOP will be singing a different tune in 2016 when the Latino vote surpasses them. 0
They may be forced to get all Liberty and Freedom on you. 0
I don't understand your point. 0
Artificially increasing the price of a commodity decreases the *demand* for that commodity. 0
Go Tigers! 0
Yes but your direction forward is their direction backwards. 0
I feel like that video ended too soon. 0
Killing mom - not a good idea 0
Not really different from the alcoholics already there... 0
"Hillary: ""Elaborate bullshit"" Trump: ""Straight up bullshit""." 0
You keep saying 'democrats' ... which ones? 0
you don't have to go to church to be a christian.... 0
Donald Trump rapes teenagers. 0
Hosted by Reality TV Star Donald Trump. 0
I hear Ron Paul is suggesting we tie our currency to a gun standard. 0
Fox news and info wars are notoriously right leaning news sites. 0
His claims have already been disproven. 0
They also want to decide what gets taught in our schools. 0
But they do have a lot of options to reduce the level of deflation. 0
You're an idiot. 0
That is very depressing. 0
It takes the SC to overturn RvW 0
Just like your camp has been doing since fall. 0
The Ecuadorian embassy in London has a dope recording studio. 0
Are you going to ignore that trump said he would blow them out the water for making rude gestures? 0
The general election votes affect the next cycle (4 years later) in terms of debate representation. 0
Bernie likes being schlonged. 0
"TIL: ""racism"" is a buzzword" 0
The drug laws allows many kinds of remittances. 0
"There were literally dozens and dozens of protestors at the ""massive"" anti-Trump protest in NYC." 0
? 0
They pay off the Republicans and hire them once they leave public office. 0
Cites so called public decency. 0
Wasn't that Kellyanne Conway? 0
Are they literally managing a candidate's presidential campaign? 0
Unrelated but has he come out to deny those salacious rumors about Donald J Trump donating millions to NAMBLA? 0
Do it. 0
I don't believe you. 0
I don't agree with your view and I don't like Hillary at all. 0
you can upvote both 0
Stop being rude and insulting me based on what you guess my beliefs to be. 0
You literally just said something I never even insinuated. 0
You can disagree with a policy without being anti-whoever. 0
Would someone in the military caught mishandling classified information be court martialed? 0
That's Trump's foreign war strategy in Syria. 0
Capitalism is gonna capitalism. 0
Lol 0
Post your address and I guarantee they'll be gone tomorrow. 0
Quality over quantity is better when it comes to endorsements. 0
This behavior by the thugs who support Clinton is going to backfire. 0
Which outsiders are you talking about? 0
I feel safer already 0
Please limit your reposts to reposts of kenm 0
He was probably like the majority of Americans who thought that republicans surely weren't dumb enough to nominate a 140 character fraud for President. 0
I member 0
And apparently the people don't reward 'fair play' with presidency either 0
The alliance is going great what with the united States accusing their ally of hacking the election 0
Times like this I'm glad as hell Texas is going purple and he'll likely be a one term senator... 0
TL;DR LA-LA-LAAAAA I can't hear you if I cover my ears username checks out 0
thats irrelevant 0
It was a joke... **eyeroll** 0
The problem with Ron Paul is that the 19th century has been over for quite a while now. 0
I thought for sure he would use Copland's Fanfare for the Common Man! 0
"""B-But Russian hackers intervened"" Convenient excuse for a party and their media lackeys who lost an election after pressuring the other side beforehand to accept the election results no matter what." 0
[Citation Needed] 0
"""So I can more justify my own vote for trump.""" 0
Time to hit up the lottery I guess. 0
Why do you believe Reuters? 0
Can the old geezer give up already 0
and? 0
I don't want to go... to a Trump rally 0
Godwin's Law strikes again! 0
As much as the GOP is a ploy to get white votes. 0
Another good point 0
What would happen if Bill Clinton endorsed Bernie? 0
That makes it a holy relic most in the GOP and just about every single teabagger. 0
Are any of his donations in the last month refundable? 0
If the shoe fits... 0
transparency in government .... promise broken 0
My problem is I don't want men grabbing me by the pussy. 0
Cute. 0
"""We can't tolerate this intolerance of intolerace""" 0
We are having a serious discussion and you're welcome to participate if you have anything to add. 0
you can't force people to fulfill some quota aka affirmative action is discriminatory. 0
The poor are more 'disposable' than the wealthy. 0
It's like Hilary supporters don't even know how to copy/paste hyperlinks. 0
Sounds like somebody isn't dreaming of a white Christmas... 0
Ask him to show you his feet. 0
"""The cashier at macys told me happy holidays instead of merry christmas so this november I will proudly cast my vote for Adolf Hitler""" 0
Reality is 30 people don't represent 10million even if they are actually supporters. 0
The same way that Europe can't get rid of Murdoch. 0
You're precious. 0
Good thing it seems like no one's going to buy that sort of argument unless they're old enough to think the HUAC was doing the lord's work. 0
Really Texas? 0
He's also implying that because she has sex with other people for money that makes his actions justified. 0
fire them all and hire non-union scabs..that includes all the longshoremen participating.. go to work or go on the unemployment line with everyone else.. who the hell goes on strike with like 18 percent REAL unemployment... 0
That's definitely what he meant 0
If they counted enough times eventually we all would've voted for Christine Gregoire. 0
Just stupid. 0
Look!A snowball! 0
you may have offended him by pointing that out. 0
Emails? 0
Those people will get deeper into drowning poverty at which point they don't count anymore 0
Couldn't even gather enough energy to vote for their guy! 0
I'm certain they will diversify 0
I appreciate that Bernie Sanders is willing to extend a hand across the Nigh Unpassable Chasm (it's hardly an aisle). 0
Are you sure you're grabbing the right parts? 0
Extreme vetting folks! 0
I guess I have an issue with unelected judges having so much power. 0
#BOUT TIME Hard to win a general win you cant win 50% in any state. 0
How fucked up do you have to be as a Republican candidate for fucking Arizona to be in play? 0
"He knows his supporters are so stupid and blind they won't leave him ""I could shoot somebody in the middle of fifth avenue and not lose any votes""" 0
Bill is secretly a Bernie Bro. 0
Then is Bernie's superdelegate vote a conflict of interest as well? 0
This is the most truthful statement in this thread. 0
"I think you are confusing the word ""admitted"" with ""furiously denied at every opportunity""" 0
So he gets more Intel from Russia then it's own government? 0
Just turned 35 0
Said to see how far a man can fall when he sells out 0
"OP certainly understood because he bothered to put quotes around ""News"" in his title." 0
He has not released a letter from the IRS. 0
"""Three Americans died today due to laughter in the only known successful North Korean 'attack' on US soil after North Korea threatened to attack US soil.""" 0
"I got my ""firearm enthusiast"" friend pretty good by telling him they were adding ""Gun Nut"" to the next DSM." 0
Unless you are a Washington Democratic Primary voter. 0
What is even more funny is three headlines down: 'IRS Sent Same Letter to Democrats That Fed Tea Party Scandal' Their narrative is falling apart like a house of cards. 0
Doesn't she vacation with the Kissingers every holiday? 0
My brain immediately word jumbled this into Hillary gets off to Martha Stewart in prison. 0
Does she have to shave off her hair now that she lost? 0
"""We try to discredit him"" - Republicans" 0
Im criticising them for changing the point with different facts that skew toward their narrative! 0
When you don't like the way the game is going...change the rules. 0
... chances are because they are already (illegally) doing it ... kind of like those wiretaps &amp; the ISPs. 0
But won't that be the same as the last six years? 0
I guess I will start taking your economic views a little more seriously after you have won your first Nobel Prize in economics. 0
Have you ever been inside a greenhouse? 0
I have always wanted to be a part of a riot and I think I may get my wish. 0
Can you tell me the difference between a citizen and a civilian? 0
Well given that he doesn't have a chance it will be a straight shot at the GOP Candidate(s). 0
But just having a racist buffoon as president elect that will have influence on tax policy is outrageous. 0
what other SoS did this? 0
I'm sure that'll get whomever to cut it out. 0
My compliments to the chef. 0
Except the whole point is that not shopping there doesn't mean I am not helping their bottom line... My taxes are being used to supplement the shit wages they pay in order to maximize their profits. 0
Do you know that only the heads of the committees were given the letter and that all the heads are republicans? 0
"And then we talk shit about Europe for being xenophobic and heartless - while the front runner for President in one of our two political parties talks about building a wall to keep out ""The Mexicans""." 0
See if they can down a Wendys Baconator in under a minute I assume. 0
The house isn't voting on it..... 0
:`( 0
This citizen has some money and is donating to the NRA. 0
Your country salutes you. 0
.....ok 0
google: DARK MONEY 0
I have no strong feelings one way or the other. 0
SINGLE ISSUE VOTER 0
No. 0
I was not aware that reddit was running for President of the United States. 0
What other plausible motive is there? 0
A day late and a dollar short GOP. 0
Enough about the US. 0
A lot of his platform is rolling back expensive programs 0
I wonder how many americans know this 0
I wish more states had Castle doctrine. 0
I hope he just dies quietly. 0
Does he think Trump is still married to Ivana? 0
Maybe have a tax incentive for families in poverty to move away from cities? 0
Only in this case they want the Penguin running the entire thing. 0
Relevant username 0
He knows exactly what he is doing. 0
How do you say 'banana daiquiri' in Spanish? 0
... you have an interesting view of reddit :) 0
"""The Liberals have even been convinced..."" [citation needed]" 0
I think Weld is the only one to sit next to the libertarians though. 0
Why does the South have such shitty food? 0
Holy shit Politifact actually called out a democrat. 0
What's so big about it? 0
Donna Brazile is only the temporary chairperson until they can select someone else. 0
HAHAHAHAHA 10/10 GOOD ORIGINAL CONTENT THIS IS A GOOD DISCUSSION WE ARE HAVING LE UPBOATS MY GOOD SIR FELLOW REDDITER 0
Perhaps he committed the rape and needed to make sure his frame job worked. 0
Strawman strawman strawman them boys up to something. 0
Sarah's last word. 0
May I point out that I did not actually write the passage or the rest of the piece linked above? 0
This isn't a normal election though so I'm skeptical of the normal rules like straight ticket voting. 0
I'm pretty sure there will be riots and assassinations to post about. 0
Because that maintains the sanctity of marriage. 0
The man has absolutely no clue what real work is 0
Is it wrong to take pride in one's cultural heritage? 0
Low energy rebuttal. 0
I think that's less because he's nkt republican enough and more because they think he's crazy/unfit 0
Then maybe don't go for a sound byte if it completely distorts the message. 0
She was actively opposed to gay marriage until just a few years ago. 0
pleased to meet you here :-) 0
Just get an RV. 0
Say exclusive Idiocracy instead. 0
We all are 0
"Logic is ""absurd""?" 0
Why? 0
The aborted one is frowning. 0
Atheists. 0
He can't protect him from himself.. we need to perpetually anger him and hope he goes on non-stop twitter tirade eventually leading to a coke-induced heart attack. 0
He even covets his own wives... 0
The title of this post is: trump wants Romney to apologize Are there not any other 'real' issues out there that are worth talking about?... 0
Guicifer 2.0 look it up people. 0
FTFY: Half Of Americans ~~Think~~ Discovered Presidential Nominating System is 'Rigged' 0
Tell that joke to your gun obsessed friends when you're piled on top of them in your mass grave. 0
Mislead them about another activist's Civil Rights record apparently. 0
It helps when you hardly have any 0
I'm still not convinced that Trump isn't truly a democrat and this whole thing isn't just a ploy to show everyone how shitty Fox news and its xenophobic comments really are. 0
"You spelled ""yessa massa"" wrong." 0
How sarcastic was he? 0
Trump is a real estate mogul of COURSE he's anti-union. 0
The cognitive dissonance is strong with those two. 0
I can't wait until you pay for me to go to college! 0
Good. 0
How about we trade Trump for the drone? 0
Who then promptly gave it back... and Mitt will use it as a tax write-off. 0
Oh it's THAT guy. 0
Korean Jesus. 0
that's because he snorts them instead of taking them 0
I forgot this sub was r/Democrats 0
So what law would have stopped...well...any mass shooting? 0
Don't tell anybody that there is a sovereign nation within our sovereign nation. 0
Triggered like a Bernie supporter when they realize Bernie is a sell out and they won't get a refund and their donation money is going to Hillary lol. 0
"A GOP friend of mine said there's a ""camp"" of Muslims in Detroit that have enacted Sharia law?" 0
Hugo Boss? 0
What do you mean? 0
I think even a Hillary supporter would agree your comeback sucks. 0
They even have an orange flavor 0
Because Putin is a disenfranchised minority who lacks a political voice and therefore deserves to be shown deference. 0
So true. 0
Trumpeter 0
No he shouldn't you fucking idiots. 0
Nope 0
She's not even good. 0
Because you are pussies with short attention spans and you can't. 0
Operation: Its not her turn. 0
I'm going to go ahead and say that fake news on TV also had something to do with it. 0
China took all the complete sentences. 0
Is supreme court justice David Prosser going to have to choke a bitch? 0
Trump should run for President of ISIS since he loves waterboarding so much. 0
I disagree with it based off past precedents more than the First Amendment itself. 0
You misspelled Liberty^TM 0
If Bernie wins 157% of the Superdelegates he can win 0
Obama can't hear you because he's too busy pushing for as many terrible trade deals as he can get passed before January. 0
Thou shall not buttsecks! 0
I'm a huge Trump supporter and I think he's a raging jackass. 0
saving $1M for retirement is not at all the same thing as what you initially replied to. 0
Wow I've seen ignorance on reddit but goddamn that's horrible and untrue. 0
False dilemma 0
how do you define over involved from a basic econ perspective there is no such thing. 0
ITT pearl clutching by people who have no problem with burning Trump effigies. 0
You must mean that time when he was President. 0
Because your strategy should absolutely include taking into consideration people emotions affect their decision making processes 0
As if he wouldnt take the opportunity to name it after himself. 0
Won't get assassinated until they can't stop the ideas from being enacted. 0
"Groups of morons that run around the woods with AKs and various other military grade hardware aren't ""militia""." 0
Below 20 and not saving 401k I presume? 0
This is an interesting shift in strategy. 0
2 out of 9 hit other targets. 0
Lawl. 0
Every day not spent at a swing state is a day Hillary won 0
Why does this sub seem to hate Tulsi? 0
"*""Scheduling issues""* Lol." 0
Why is she arming people we will no doubt be fighting sometime in the future than? 0
Congress... 0
If your resting face is a frown you are not a happy camper. 0
I guess I was hoping for a little less conjecture. 0
His nickname is T. Rex. 0
Can the people delegate a power to government they themselves do not have? 0
Article is over a year old. 0
Then we're done here. 0
That's Frank Costello's pal 0
Why would Google buy what it already has? 0
Agreed... unfortunately Washington is fucking horrible. 0
almost every article this guy has written is a pro-hillary piece 0
Isn't lying under oath a crime in the USA ? 0
Any article blaming Obama will trend upwards on Fox. 0
I'd sooner elect Kim Kardashian than Sarah Palin. 0
They are still doing this fuckery at a county by county level 0
I hear hillary won by a Jebillion 0
Enjoy getting royally fucked for the next 4 years. 0
"""God Hates War Mongers""" 0
Couldn't happen to a bigger a'hole 0
So you're defending this anemic drivel? 0
You clearly didn't read the article. 0
Can we just get an unbiased medical report for both major candidates and be done with it? 0
Believe me 0
I LOVE Trump and am absolutely proud of it. 0
Very brave. 0
Yeah you have to look into everyone's iPhone first? 0
I have heard from the best people that NAMBLA knows! 0
And judgement. 0
"people wanted to ""tear down the system"" but still voted in all the same congress men and women that are the biggest problem they did fuck all voting for trump and not voting out congress." 0
Right wing libertarianism in the real world is extremely hypocritical and quite racist. 0
It adds up so yep. 0
Damn anti-semitic Microsoft Word. 0
i'm not running for president 0
and will cost millions in lawsuits. 0
"The Clinton Charity is ""Big Business""" 0
You calm down 0
says the person who clearly didn't read his policy papers 0
Well I did leave room for another explanation. 0
Funny how crime surges after the gun bands were ruled unconstitutional 0
Now with devotion. 0
Sanders supporters ecstatic as three early losses open way for eventual victory at the Democratic National Convention. 0
This makes me wonder about how Trump went about 'courting' his wives. 0
Only a man with a small suck gets offended when someone implies they have a small dick 0
forgot hippies with no jobs 0
The idea that a state might have to cough up a dime to pay for a dollars worth of health care for poor people is deeply offensive to some conservatives. 0
"The US General in charge of cyber war is on record saying ""I have never seen a network that cannot be hacked by a government-sponsored cyber warfare attack.""" 0
I'd rather hear how we can quit being so wasteful with existing taxes before defaulting to the need for more. 0
recounts only happen if a vote is extremely close 0
All of sander's attacks on clinton have come from the left. 0
The two things you never want to see being done are sausage making and the legislative process. 0
I think a lot of people from conservative families have had this experience. 0
Belief trumps facts any day of the week and twice on Sunday. 0
I don't consider 47% a majority. 0
The conservatives/Republicans are in a race for the 19th century. 0
I think he's probably hated by his peers because he's an incompetent ignoramus. 0
The trick to circumventing WSJ's pay wall is go search the title in Google and click the link at the top of the list. 0
That's easy to do if you are willfully ignorant. 0
Does anyone know how to fight the underage alcohol buying stings? 0
One would do that while fending off blows to the head and struggling to retain a firearm how? 0
Censoring yourself on the Internet...that's a fantastic way to glean credibility 0
"What is a ""potential felon""?" 0
Because it's well researched and factually correct. 0
Micro Penis. 0
Whoops so much for when more people vote he wins huh... 0
Because the majority voted for that and due to democracy that happens? 0
That's what I like to see ... Republicans working together with Republican-lites to make America more of a corporate oligarchy! 0
You cannot judge his character. 0
Clinton? 0
I'm not old. 0
You're right we should never build anything ever because it might fail at some point and cause problems. 0
Is that what he said? 0
Jesus and right wing tend to go hand in hand. 0
Sounds like a very modest proposal to me. 0
President Hillary enacts change.. Critical fail Wall Street Defenses increased 0
How many Marijuana's did you chew before typing this comment? 0
Now you are just strawmanning the typical Redditor. 0
Hate to tell Trump you can't change a UN vote after it's been held. 0
Kind of like the prize fighting purse being different for the challenger and the champ. 0
I guess she couldn't afford one from Trump University... 0
At least r/coontown is finally gone. 0
Well to be fair grain storage myths aren't very dangerous. 0
Even a penny is too much if they write garbage like this 0
Ive always said youre delusional if you think fucking donald trump is going to be the first presidential candidate ever to not lie his way through a campaign 0
He forgot the pony... 0
There isn't one. 0
If they aren't killing them they are advocating for their right to be armed. 0
That user is salty AF 0
Anything as in a human of either gender...jackass. 0
They do not directly challenge the police. 0
"You'd have to be an absolute zealot to believe that speaking before the members of a major component of the American economy to be ""an obvious sign of bad judgment.""" 0
Buying influence. 0
The drug testing cost almost twice as much as if they just gave out the money and done no testing; and the number of welfare recipients was unchanged. 0
Like that risotto recipe! 0
Since Bernie has done so little himself it makes sense to look at his spouse. 0
The fact that Bernie got this far means its democracy. 0
Probably coming from soros considering his history in nazi Germany and his comments about hitler 0
Typical GOP hypocrisy. 0
You'd also have to ban surveillance with planes and helicopters. 0
Says one thing will do another. 0
This country deserves better than its people 0
So do you think we should erase him or expose him? 0
Except when he is bombing the shit out of Islamic countires with drones right? 0
I was specifically noting the financial community in this nation is not well regarded. 0
Neither is still an option. 0
Youtube doesn't disable ratings and comments on videos. 0
Speak for yourself chief 0
what's not accurate? 0
*yawn* 0
Fake news. 0
my only regreat is that he didn't tie explosives to his dick and rape anne coulter to death in a suicide fuck. 0
"You don't think the riot creating video was ""accidental"" do you ?" 0
True. 0
I'm with Demetri Martin on this one - no stone throwing regardless of housing situation. 0
whatever man. 0
Broke clock and all that 0
Probably meant phrenologists. 0
But the ciiiirclejeeeerk 0
Death gases? 0
"Then they'd celebrate that you ""admit she has something to hide"" with no sense of irony whatsoever." 0
It's sad that the only question that makes sense get downvoted. 0
my body is ready 0
put on your tinfoil hats 0
Nope its an ad. 0
Sure are a lot of Huxley haters out there. 0
"One Fox News / Glenn Beck addict of my acquaintance credits Dubya for ""planting the seeds of freedom in Libya.""" 0
The toxic control of the media by the hyper rich and monopoly capital is damaging American democracy. 0
Such as? 0
How so? 0
I refuse to believe he is genuine 0
Probably so. 0
Source? 0
Nicolas Cage confirmed to be her running mate 0
You're going to need to back that up with a source. 0
And why should the healthy subsidize the ill...? 0
thatsthejoke.jpg 0
TIL Air has employees and administrative costs. 0
"Inb4 ""Indians don't know that they are being fooled by Clinton!!!!!""" 0
not that i'm a fan but obama's been called every name in the book and still got re-elected. 0
Time to suspend all travel to NK by US citizens. 0
Pretty sure that's what the guy wanted; the crown wants it's colony back 0
a legal immigrant from Mexico probably 0
"You're not ""the left""." 0
I think it's very apparent that the Republicans have done many things wrong. 0
why arent they releasing an article on the history of handgun violence? 0
I can't believe in this day and age we even allow people to sponsor prayer or any type of religious activity during government functions... 0
I hope you feel actual shame for posting that crap here. 0
And a solid place to get a quick laugh 0
The Foundation cometh calling! 0
When is he going to release his Taxes... 0
Someone else said she wasn't wearing make-up and she hadn't done her usual hair styling. 0
So you voted Hillary? 0
If you keep calling Republicans racist it might help slow the Democrats decline. 0
Are those two things mutually exclusive... lol? 0
TIL Many Redditors don't understand physics. 0
Who the fuck is this guy? 0
Would you mind fleshing that out a little more? 0
They love them some Moonie lies! 0
Help I've Fallin and I can't get up! 0
And ABC aired it... 0
Unlike every other politician ;) 0
I'd vote for that guy over the namesake 0
Not if everything is out in the open. 0
no.. dick is his middle name. 0
You seem to be forgetting about inflation. 0
Stats which are provided by the same police who are overtly racist. 0
That disproves any theory that the rich got that way because of their superiority. 0
Apples and oranges 0
Preferably Jill Stein! 0
I think only about 6 inbred rednecks showed up. 0
I dont know where you went to school but history and critical thinking were cornerstones of my education. 0
It's a private event though. 0
Cheney Inc. 0
So the WaPo is not on team Hillary no more? 0
And liberal pundits everywhere agree. 0
TIL businesses that grow are corrupt 0
OP is a spammer for that site 0
That stinks. 0
Romney did release 0
I find it extremely hard to believe Republicans will end up backing marijuana before the Democrats. 0
Pfft. 0
Here I am fuming about a man being imprisoned for nearly 4 decades unjustly and you're helpfully making bbq recommendations... I do not miss texas. 0
I feel the loss of those rights is a great deterrent.. for most. 0
Many Supreme Court decisions have been reversed. 0
An article I came up with after googling his name. 0
"The ""Values Party"" speaks again." 0
And my axe? 0
Jack? 0
You have a supravisor at work? 0
That ad makes me want to vote for him all over again! 0
they should have photoshopped the trees 0
Bojack Horseman! 0
Record business! 0
the day Salon post an article with a straight to the point title might be the day the world explodes 0
The Russians got 'em. 0
Sounds like a mentally abusive relationship 0
Lol you sound uninformed 0
"It's all ""alahu Akbar"" to me!" 0
Automatic For The People easily - A masterpiece from start to finish. 0
Why? 0
Who's the honey badger now? 0
He's got a very good brain. 0
So what are the women reading your comment supposed to do? 0
Lock him up! 0
On a day to day basis roads can have a big impact on a person's impression of a place. 0
Have you got a source on that outrageous claim? 0
Both of my parents are Nurses and I inspire to be one too! 0
Now we know how Bansky feels. 0
Are you even relevant anymore lying CNN? 0
2020: the stool that did that speech with Clint Eastwood wins the republican nomination. 0
I can't think of any other reason one would voluntarily install this extension. 0
Actually full time jobs have been growing rapidly over the last year. 0
"Funny how that ""Liberal Media"" is all owned and operated by Republicans." 0
His fund raising is no where near Hillary's or Republican expectations. 0
It will continue being devalued as long as the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. 0
That's an incredibly thin claim. 0
Thanks racist. 0
That was the debate almost two months ago. 0
They said they'd add McMullin in the next couple of days. 0
CTR doesn't pay you enough to respond? 0
They were more letters. 0
Assuming there's still a bad economy to speak of. 0
Aint nobody gonna press pickle on my turf 0
Keep up with this talk and they will prove their value with another false flag attack costing innocent lives. 0
which would be a good thing. 0
I blame his soul mate Pamela Geller for this attack and a previous one that cost 47 lives. 0
There's a conspiracy against people who have spent the last 18 months actively pissing everyone else off! 0
Trump also dodged the question about whether he'd send troops into Iraq with a shaggy dog story. 0
The FIX is in... :( 0
Noticing something and being worried about it are not the same thing. 0
"I don't think you should blame the ""sheeple"" when they are given a choice of exactly two different but incredibly similar political pens to choose from run by entrenched corrupt ""representatives"" who endlessly seek to disenfranchise the extremely small amount of power their vote has." 0
Waiting for hillarys 33K emails 0
"Comey said she lacked the ""sophistication"" to be considered competent in a cause of ""gross negligence"" she does not need to intend to share the info." 0
he shouldnt say this openly 0
And the drug war continues ... 0
stopped at the popups. 0
Spending money sending the gravy train along to refugees is fighting ISIS? 0
I was talking about Zuckerberg's own foundation... 0
So tax returns are more important to you than literal policy questions? 0
he just means that he's making a rope swing that they can go back and forth on together? 0
I see nothing about a planned takeover of urban markets. 0
Nothing more barbaric. 0
Never said I supported Bernie... Thanks for proving my point 0
looks like it flipped around now 0
Thanks for helping out buddy! 0
If Bernie endorsed Trump indeed it would be the end of times. 0
And an extreme racist by today's standards 0
Who is this Ben Ghazi and what is he doing with Hillary's emails? 0
Source? 0
Pence would 0
And you are obviously sniffing lots of glue. 0
so brave 0
Hearsay 0
Death by broccoli. 0
She lost that focus with the bankruptcy bill 0
This just highlights the facts that the prejudiced aholes are chickenshits who are afraid of the groups they oppress. 0
It's like a microcosm of our representative democracy! 0
I wonder if Preibus has a big ass ulcer keeping him up at night? 0
Just like how Bernie ran as a Democrat instead of as an independent? 0
Aka archived 0
sexual assault* 0
What's your point? 0
"Capitalism* Or as Malcolm X said; ""You can't have Capitalism without Racism""" 0
The saw the metadata on Weiners computer that confirmed the existence of emails..... can't wait until it's part of the deleted batch / bleach bit batch so you hacks will stfu. 0
Rather than portion sizes? 0
You must not live in America. 0
The amount of arrogance on display in believing Trump was gonna lose with 99% certainly was astounding. 0
I was more thinking about the people who got their parties switched without their knowledge. 0
Same for gun rights 0
I'm honestly curious... Are you comparing a charitable organization to a business? 0
most logical argument yet 0
what the hell is a teaching vehicle? 0
This exactly 0
I really wanna know if the 4-way intersection by my house will have 4 taco trucks or just 1 for the whole corner 0
I thought it was wierd there were female Republicans. 0
How can she even speak at all with Satans cock lodged in the back of her throat like that. 0
people have opinions you commie loser 0
"He just means he's going to go visit him in prison after convicting him of ""being President while black""." 0
This dumpster fire just got ten degrees hotter! 0
An annoying new buzzword. 0
almost any war is fought for financial reasons. 0
"And then you look at the recent government shut down where GOP representatives used phrases like ""we have to get something out of this"" while simultaneously slamming the dems for not compromising." 0
If they don't those commie libruls will win the house. 0
I guess we'll know for sure come June 0
Its not legitimate but they are legitimately people who deserve a home where they can self govern. 0
Destroy the federal government but keep your hands off my Medicare! 0
Hillary's not the police. 0
True story: one particular psychopath (probably) I used to know had an abortion and bragged that all she felt afterwards was hunger for a cheeseburger. 0
I highly doubt he will be showing up much after November 10th. 0
How is t_d responding to this? 0
Maybe those glasses did help! 0
Most transparent administration ever. 0
It's just funny that it's a defense for him 0
Try watching the cross examination of Wendy Dorival or Sean Noffke. 0
I just want you to be aware that you literally just compared the Holocaust to making school lunches healthier. 0
Whoosh! 0
Not likely. 0
He may not be able to back out but there are no enforcement provisions or violation penalties from what I gather 0
I see your point but gasoline is around half of what oil is used for. 0
Even then that's not quite the case given the gutting of the Voters Rights Act ... 0
Lessig is more. 0
Not nearly enough compared to Clinton. 0
I'm sure Bill loved her too. 0
What about gun rights? 0
Let's check their ID... Oh wait... 0
I think it does. 0
But billions for the Koch Brothers. 0
Obviously many were fooled 0
But the ACA is a lot more expensive than my current plan. 0
He seemed so promising a few years ago and it has all turned to shit. 0
So is Breitbart now part of the vast liberal media conspiracy aligned against Trump? 0
And Michelle Obama *is* black. 0
I got that reference. 0
He's going on vacation so he had to get this in early. 0
"The idea is to throw enough ""mud"" to discredit it." 0
There go his chances for the VP spot. 0
all 0
Are his supporters going to boo Ryan's name again? 0
Holy shit Rubio was like a broken record player. 0
I feel like this is a peaceful protest though... 0
more like STD 0
It's cool. 0
Why would any legitimate business fail to report an armed robbery? 0
Guess you can't comprehend polling 0
Sanders has not shown that he increases voter turnout so far so idk why people are still taking this as a given. 0
You poor soul submitting this article with this title. 0
The War of Terror 0
One of the few. 0
Relevant username 0
Voting for status quo candidate is the most privileged thing you can do. 0
I agree. 0
Oh please. 0
Some folks might think that written above would be the best reason in the world to change the system. 0
"We must not be watching the same Ed Show... because all I see is him rightly calling into question the random theory of Zimmerman's ""friend"" that he said ""goon"" instead of ""coon"" and the desire of many people to blame the unarmed kid that died for his own death..." 0
Because climate change deniers kept complaining about it? 0
"Literally what they meant by ""make America great again""." 0
Cool kids lol 0
What is the best argument for him being a war criminal? 0
No chance of kicking Republicans out ever because all the districts are gerrymandered so they can't lose. 0
Far right-wing talk radio and his uncle's Facebook feed. 0
NPR is another good one. 0
It is a server farm...likely Akamai. 0
The Reverend. 0
Still following me? 0
Ted Nugent crapped his pants to avoid serving America in Vietnam. 0
Trump is smart and knows how to take advantage of situations like this.. Business as usual.. 0
LBJ 0
You still haven't made an argument against what CNN admitted. 0
Scott Walker please camp out in a septic tank for the next 50 years thanks in advance 0
if only it was. 0
Is it odd that when one side goes completely off the deep end that there is polarization? 0
They need votes! 0
The Judean People's Front is in favor of your statement. 0
"commence the ""he didn't even show"" circlejerk" 0
This is so accurate. 0
Do you have any idea how this all works? 0
Canada is a wholly owned subsidiary of the US military industrial complex just like the US itself. 0
Hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha 0
I think I'm about to vomit 0
Her vice was grating and she sounded and looked angry the whole time. 0
*Chooo Chooooo* Here comes racism *Chooooo Choooooooooo* 0
I won't be holding my breath waiting for his apology. 0
Sometimes the jokes just write themselves. 0
That's actually more of a rule for jews but I doubt you'll see anyone mad at them for it; Christians are actually told by god himself to let he who is without sin throw the first stone 0
Did Ron Paul say this at a Walker fundraiser? 0
Not against bit definitely believes there is more to look at regarding the subject. 0
It's not uncommon for lobbyists for write legislation and hand if off to politicians to introduce. 0
Kanye who? 0
Mr Garrison fucked Trump to death. 0
Say anything to avoid the issue that is actually at hand. 0
Because people like you have destroyed this democracy. 0
Yes. 0
(proceeds to beat slave) 0
Says the increasingly triggered man 0
Through fields of corn! 0
Amendment two is his favorite. 0
he drained it right into the white house. 0
Those idiot poor should just have their legal teams translate the fine print of the predatory lending they're being offered. 0
I bet they also voted back their Republican reps that voted down extra healthcare benefits for vets! 0
What a whiny group of children. 0
Where is Jonh Lee Malvoe when you really need him. 0
Boring. 0
Christian women are rather brainwashed. 0
ITT: Clinton didn't write this email Not ITT: People claiming Clinton wrote the e-mail 0
Nimbly navigating into first place of the losers. 0
A big fucking deal! 0
Pretty sure the guy he shoots in the face won't vote for him. 0
And the allure of free things is quite strong in this country. 0
Happy to see this is the top comment - really says it all. 0
not openly though. 0
So they wouldn't spend the money on anything if they didn't get the tax breaks? 0
But just wait for his surprise attack... 0
The difference is that the GOP is actually coming for your abortions 0
Just with less drugs and more hate. 0
Maybe he is confusing it with Astrology. 0
my turbo-diesel truck gets about 20. but it could pull a prius uphill backwards and still get 20 :-) 0
Off the top of my head was his policy on higher education. 0
"So what ""level"" of ""modern age"" lowest standard of living are you willing to accept for a full time worker in the USA?" 0
That's what they want you to believe 0
...Lizzy? 0
So tolerant. 0
But don't you think there needs to be evidence aka proof? 0
agent potvacateurs? 0
Cake of the carrots. 0
I think we're almost there after the last 3 election cycles. 0
"""US renews permit on January 20th""" 0
This is one of those instances when you should be able to edit a title. 0
"~~Hell it was literally Mittens ""Romnesia"" R-money's campaign platform in 2012.~~ nm thought you were responding to something else" 0
I would like to introduce you to the concept that there are many different corporations that are presently competing against one another. 0
ted cruz would be proud. 0
Anyone paying attention knows bill is voting Trump 100%. 0
How very tolerant of you 0
It will be an authoritarian autocracy guaranteeing rights only to the owner class. 0
Curious how many of those cops are still employed. 0
Wew lad. 0
I guess OJ didn't kill his wife either. 0
All those people who will get fucked over thank you probably. 0
lol downvotes. 0
Ever hear of the Safe Act? 0
GOP: The professional tantrum-throwers party 0
NPR 0
Dens can also be cannibals (most of them aren't). 0
What a sick man/woman 0
My sentiments exactly ... and thank the powers that be that I live in Colorado. 0
He's predicting that officials will drag they feet until after the election to avoid complying 0
How did the term **nationwide** come into play here? 0
Shots fired! 0
Sounds like Hillary talking points to me. 0
OU SOMMES LES Passagers! 0
Forced birthers. 0
Then it should easy for you to link to it. 0
"How much is ""fuck you money"" anyways?" 0
"""right under your noses""" 0
Or I'm not casting a protest vote. 0
Cough up $27 0
You're* 0
How would you know? 0
Sounds so great and terrifying at the same time 0
Bernie will get them out! 0
"""It doesn't fit her standard""." 0
Republican former secretary of state... Republican. 0
I hate this election. 0
That's my point... 0
More than Bachmann on the intelligence committee? 0
But then he would also have to pardon Trump from being a racist and a misogynist 0
"people in the 1% telling the rest of us how to think and how to vote and then yowling about ""manufactured consent"" sometimes I just gotta laugh." 0
Time will tell and I hope my perceptions are wrong but your reply does not invalidate my real world experience or that of those I know so far in regards to the implementation of the ACA. 0
Ha ha goodman at it again. 0
and the GOP punch line is romney! 0
Is that because you are an anarchist or an idiot? 0
People come up with too many excuses to not show up on election day and keep these kinds of folks out of office. 0
Probably because it originated from a Trump. 0
The same way that eating cheesey grits qualifies one to be president 0
Viva le Marihuana 0
FATCA 2010 0
Someone once said the average drunk in the streets of Denmark knows more about American politics than most college graduates in the US. 0
"""As Clinton vows to ~~frack~~ fight it""" 0
"""Trump supporters boo US Constitution.""" 0
Either way it's tough 0
Indeed. 0
You missed a chance to make a Rubio joke tsk tsk 0
No it's a drug first you just want a road then you want a fucking bridge next you'll want a fucking public Hyperloop and a transport 'grid'. 0
How anyone can take some of these experts serious who were 100% wrong about Iraq for example is baffling. 0
Probably a better idea. 0
where do you have evidence he choked her? 0
dumber and dumber and dumber.... 0
And all of Democrats welfare giveaways are dangerous to the national debt... 0
Looks like they could have benefited from some extreme vetting of their potential candidates 0
So this subreddit is exclusively for Dems? 0
I figured the speaker would be a Republican as soon as I saw the headline. 0
At least until it fills with water. 0
And only one of those is a relevant reason as to why they shouldn't be President. 0
Looks like you're forgetting about the Keating 5... 0
nanny nanny fucking boo boo... 0
"""drain the swamp""" 0
What is the negative consequence to not having everyone be equal in the eyes of the law? 0
In a libertarian dream world where atlas shrugged is required reading. 0
Anti-Racist scum. 0
[Citation needed] 0
Please remind me who won the majority of the open primaries 0
That Trump fella certainly surrounds himself with the nicest people. 0
We need calculus so that we can find the derivative of of the voting graph with upwards concavity to determine the tangent line of that graph and implement that linear graph as the actual voting graph. 0
The mayor may have a bit more information than Trump. 0
Actual combat experience that will make her more thoughtful about starting up stupid wars that we shouldn't be paying for. 0
At least Hillary wouldn't bomb someone just because they insulted her fragile ego. 0
But there was time now. 0
yes lets drill for more oil in pristine wilderness mirite? 0
their race to the sanitarium 0
Because some animals are more equal than others. 0
But I bet Breitbart and Infowars are totally legitimate from your viewpoint and you're convinced Fox News has never lied... 0
You think cops just carry extra guns around to corroborate their stories? 0
Hmm... Not sure if I want to wind up on Hillary's kill list 0
He likes soldiers who don't die. 0
Was Okeefe convicted of fraud? 0
Judging by the public's reaction to the defense leaks from his administration - doesn't seem like a good idea. 0
It really doesn't because the difference in rally crowd sizes are easily explained away. 0
Ah yes Breitbart isn't biased at all. 0
"""She lies (check out sex tape)""" 0
Is it really that huge of a headache to manage or is that only when your tenants are dickheads? 0
You dismissing all people who are protesting as paid shills is part of the problem. 0
waiting? 0
If the dinosaur is still alive by then 0
sore losers 0
The entirety of my post is just quoting you. 0
You mean for all their buddies that own the hotels? 0
"Remember how Dems claiming a ""War on Women"" caused them to become much more popular in downballot elections?" 0
So there must be photos to back this up then? 0
Their poll numbers are abysmal. 0
That about sums it up. 0
I see wat u did thar 0
"So... The TL:DR of his statement is ""Got Mine; Fuck Them!""" 0
I hear rich people think he has a pretty mouth! 0
I would agree that their ideas are unpopular... 0
I bet they meant stinkbombs. 0
Pretty sure just being on the show was demeaning. 0
Fuck brakes they cause more accidents then they prevent. 0
To be fair being given change in coins for anything more than $4 is a dick move on the part of the seller. 0
i thought federal law only covered homeowners not renters? 0
Jared Fogle just got the hardest erection of his life. 0
Rahm's gonna Rahm. 0
The **TRUTH** can not be marginalize by the democrats any longer. 0
Try that and see where it gets you. 0
In b4 CTR shills brigade. 0
So no specific detail or even an article that you could suggest. 0
Has Obama said the V word yet? 0
wow reallly grasping at strews /politics 0
And listen to his INDIAN. 0
"I think there should be a massive campaign to turn sept 11 into ""Burn a Sacred Text Day"" I mean fuck while were at it we might as well burn all of them." 0
People would probably burn more gas if we didn't have the highways efficiently connecting cities. 0
It must be hard to watch a world where you went unchecked with the upper hand crumble away in front of you. 0
Don't you think it's a problem if we can't check for that? 0
More likely flames. 0
Everything looks bigger with hands like that. 0
You don't vote with your brain either. 0
Definitely 0
Perhaps Lauer is more scared of Trump setting up his own TV network if he loses the election than of Trump being elected president. 0
He seems more like the chortling type to me. 0
As a young person it is discouraging to say the least. 0
A great man once said 'we need smart leaders'. 0
It really does seem like he's throwing it on purpose.. 0
It's nice here today. 0
It's how they pretend Trump didn't lose. 0
Thank goodness we didn't elect him as our first Ferengi President. 0
Yeah but Switzerland is weird and white and borders Germany. 0
And then they came for the scientists... 0
Which law did she intend to break? 0
Do you actually think a wall would stop illegal immigration? 0
How the fuck does that manipulate anything? 0
They are all public funded because it is now necessary operation. 0
Not sure if you're trolling. 0
The Hispanic vote is the future and the Democrats aren't losing that any time soon 0
Wal-Mart is composed of more than just stock boys... 0
You mean incrementally not accurate 0
when she does it constantly her entire campaign? 0
Sad that cons would fall for stupid shit like this over and over and over and over........ 0
Wow..... wait till you find out there's a list of banned UK hate groups and find there's a white supremacy group on it. 0
If all the people who can't stomach Hillary or Trump would band together and vote for a third party candidate like Stein we could get that 5% of the popular vote needed for federal funding. 0
And will the eventual Republican nominee be called the Grand Dragon? 0
Source? 0
I'm honestly surprised he hasn't dropped it yet during his epic and growing meltdown. 0
We will pray away the carbon dioxide and Jesus will turn Flints water into... um actual water. 0
That is the idea. 0
With pink underwear... 0
Their ideas are so mind blowingly good they're afraid to scare the voters! 0
Guess Debbie stepped down for nothing. 0
Being conservative means never having to admit you're in the wrong. 0
And yet it doesn't matter who you vote for. 0
They *claim* to have a higher standard bit don't follow it. 0
Did you read my above post? 0
I doubt Putin would be happy with letting Mike Pence tell him what to do 0
Just look up literally any of their coverage of Trump before the primaries started. 0
"you do understand that not being MARKED classified does not equal them being ""not classified"" dont you?" 0
Republicans are anti-education? 0
That sure is a huge amount of people! 0
everyonewho 0
Mateen wouldn't have been born here and the future Mateens won't be born here. 0
Has O'Keefe manipulated or deceptively edited footage in the past? 0
She is truly someone who deserves to be the first female president of the United States. 0
I keep wondering where the tasters and tacklers are. 0
With that crop of robo-ticians I fear a drinking game may turn into a mass suicide via alcohol poisoning. 0
I do. 0
Rosie O'Donnell's neighbors should think about moving. 0
Wait so if Clinton was elected there would be no way to voice your concerns? 0
Someone is afraid of more people voting... 0
I don't think you know what a strawman is. 0
Such as? 0
So I guess Donald will release his tax returns when Hillary releases her transcripts. 0
"It's more like ""sure winner""" 0
They are all post dark ages? 0
Guys I can swear! 0
That still doesn't mean he was fucked out of his chance to become president. 0
Well.... What is it? 0
"Maybe we could just go with ""None of the Above"" for starters." 0
More of that famed Trump sarcasm? 0
And the two are not connected in any way! 0
The last decade was a pretty clear testament to the failure of conservative policies. 0
Because in 2008 there no candidates that could even get 1% of the vote. 0
Especially since Walker bought the new chief of the Capitol police 0
This is not a national security meeting. 0
Same stuff the Emperor's new clothes are made of... 0
For the same reasons this election was a fait accompli two years ago... 0
something you afraid might leak about you Marco? 0
The average government probably doesn't understand the value of a dollar either. 0
20 years in Congress is pretty good. 0
Hmm Im seeing 51/46 0
Its not their problem its our problem. 0
I think it'll go national like gay marriage pretty soon. 0
Does voting occur at tea party rallies? 0
I asked that yesterday and the answer is no. 0
What I see now is Republicans filibustering a Cabinet appointee. 0
DINO's....just let 'em go. 0
Hasn't he mulliganed practically all of the hand he campaigned on by now? 0
You dun goofed. 0
"""I will run an audit when all the other candidates run an audit""" 0
I'm more afraid of what Christians are going to be doing(see the planned parenthood shootings) than Muslim extremists 0
Gay here that's a thing 0
do i need further proof of the uneducated supporting trump than your post? 0
She killed Vince Foster with her evil psychokinetic mind rays. 0
By FOX News. 0
Last? 0
"""...says nervous man for the seventh time.""" 0
Media (ABC) has her in blowout mode +12 0
Most Americans probably think Brexit is a new candy bar from Cadbury. 0
The hill almost never does it's own reporting. 0
I thought we had a basic right to peaceful protest. 0
Than. 0
Which he doesn't have the power to do so this is meaningless. 0
others would say people loved the way he talked about Mexicans and Muslims since his poll numbers shot up after he proposed the wall and the ban 0
I agree. 0
He is just broken. 0
Gold 0
attacking the writer of an article is not the same as disputing the claims of that writer. 0
People like you are the reason we can't have an honest political dialoge in this country. 0
Good job racking up those internet points defending Hillary all day. 0
Maybe even criminally so. 0
More like they don't like the idea of privatized prisons. 0
Obama? 0
We'll accept the apology when you take him back 0
I think the one living in candyland is you son. 0
Do you feel all better now? 0
A successful assassination against Clinton would be the worst possible thing for the republican party right now and the best possible thing for the Democrats right now because they can put up literally anyone else. 0
He may want to flush that floater 0
Holy hyperbole and generalization Batman 0
study it out. 0
FYI: Anything is fascism if you abandon any real definitions. 0
Relevant username 0
And all it takes is one motivated individual to believe him and want to do something about it. 0
Probably took a perfectly good SKS and re-stocked it in some cheap black plastic Chinese made stock meant to look like an AR with shitty after market removable mags and tons of gay addons 0
Well said! 0
Bingo 0
That and medical advancements 0
Did you even watch the video? 0
its 60% but it doesn't kick in til 60k she makes under 50. soooooo whats your point? 0
Putting people into place to support your policies is part of policy 0
He would really hand it over to the repubs to spite sanders? 0
No she hasn't 0
Because attorneys always draft overly-broad motions. 0
The *Crash Team Racers*. 0
colin powell made her do it. 0
I'm pretty sure a lot of people do. 0
We are just a banana Republic now. 0
To quote Ron White: You can't fix stupid. 0
Terrorist organizations like the KKK you mean? 0
Straight white land owning *Christian* male. 0
Ah but in Chicago you will get that fabulous German (coarse) style mustard for your hot dog with the kraut. 0
neither am I 0
Source? 0
That is technically correct. 0
You have never seen me type that language is not important. 0
I want to know why you want the ideas dismissed? 0
Fuck guilding when Reddit allows for r/the_fascists to continue being a thing 0
She has no one to blame but herself 0
She's looking at him like he has three heads and one of them has George W. Bush's face on it. 0
You really worked hard to shoehorn BLM into the discussion didn't you? 0
"More stooge ""Feel Good BUMPKIN minded Hate"" vs the FACTS.." 0
pro TPP no thank you 0
and to be fair this is a huffingtonpost article 0
Well it turned me and many people off. 0
So how long before the GOP sends Romney out to start firing people to drive the rate back up? 0
If their information is from circles that must be why their thinking is always circular. 0
And that's why we have the electoral college. 0
Not sure if serious or sarcastic... 0
Seconded. 0
FUCK 0
"I think this convention has a ""Mention Trump every 2 minutes"" clause for speeches" 0
"Or sometimes we call them ""Our Founding Fathers""" 0
Despair? 0
From many of the same people who said a simple vote to leave the eu would as well. 0
Ask a veteran. 0
You think BLM and ISIS are working together? 0
WOW...I guess that's worse than a teleprompter. 0
The more you know. 0
Because Bill Clinton isn't running for president? 0
Especially the brown ones. 0
and then they wonder why people make hee haw jokes and call them idiots from flyover land 0
what drugs are you on? 0
He sure did... for a whole two hours it took for the President of Mexico to call him out on his lies. 0
I stand together with you. 0
I wonder what new insane thing he will say today. 0
Votes? 0
Guns aren't illegal. 0
Should I add those predictions to the list too? 0
Yes. 0
Pastor Mark Burns from South Carolina from the article. 0
You believe the cross-section of America she is referring to will be motivated to be more tolerant based on shame? 0
I reject your reality and substitute my own! 0
Was it holstered or was be brandishing it. 0
She is definitely not qualified. 0
Where's that hope and change garbage all of you fell for? 0
That's his cross to bear. 0
True 0
I thought it was all about the kids? 0
A majority also like Dancing with the Stars and American Idol. 0
"Tell that to Tila ""idiot"" tequila" 0
Perfect answer. 0
This piece is. 0
And that's the point of the massive prison complex: get men out of the populace (preferably non-violent and preferably non-whites.) 0
I'm waiting for the printing press constantly running prayers for profit... 0
I dont think you understand context. 0
I'm going to need a source on that. 0
"That's what I am hoping for.. I'm sick to death of the ""coalition"" parties." 0
Thai is how I felt every day. 0
Was that the one with the risotto recipe? 0
Whoosh 0
it'll be marked as off-topic or a violation of title rules or something if it doesn't get downvoted below the noise floor. 0
Sarah knows a thing about the benefits of capitalism. 0
lol at everyone reading r/politics who thinks this is better... 0
there is no scandal. 0
That is why it is up to us to *never let them forget* that they drug us to the cliff of a fascist becoming president. 0
What an idiot. 0
Child abuse creates intense lasting fear. 0
Or the people who think Trump's is 156 0
Watching trump get triggered anytime someone opposes him will be something 0
I remember when the Obamacare death panels killed my grandmother in 2005. 0
Yes but they are those who say opposite just to cover themselves... 0
Once again you don't know what you're talking about these are 800 people scheduled to be deported but instead were accidently given citizenship 0
I can't help but wonder how many fundamentalists will be voting for Trump with a feeling of the satisfaction that they are ushering in the End of Days. 0
The next GOP autopsy will be over their own dead corpse. 0
*cough*Arizona*cough*Illinois*cough*New York*coughcough* 0
I know absolutely no one voting for Trump. 0
Not sure if anyone can do that (other than voting all the extremists out of office). 0
Does this mean that Pence was offered the same deal? 0
"""Fuck you got mine"" has been a thing since before I was born." 0
nah you just have a taste for developed areas in texas... however do you like dallas? 0
The Onion did a great article on Obama asking the nation why the hell he'd want to be president for another 4 years based on how easily everyone's let him do stuff in these 4 years. 0
What a coward. 0
Agreed! 0
Bernie...when you said we should ban guns not used for hunting....what did you *really* mean? 0
Citizens United Must Die ! 0
Good thing I know what a metaphor is or I'd be just like you. 0
CVC sestldcg 0
Wouldn't the 22nd amendment not allow that? 0
I thought these emails were all fake? 0
do a line of coke and grab some pussay? 0
What pesticide product from Monsanto is killing bees? 0
Which is why we have agreements such as the Paris Agreement. 0
Just offer them all shows on Fox News ;) 0
I do too but it plays *extremely* well with their base and thus keeps them employed. 0
Say what? 0
And we're about to reward many of these assholes here in November by electing them back into office! 0
The right of the federal government to dictate the course of states should be limited so that the states may run a train on their residents. 0
Then I guess your voting for Clinton. 0
I agree. 0
I like how you didn't actually answer this question. 0
Did you read the article? 0
Researched facts are biased? 0
You always can spill some oil in ocean and burn. 0
The pathetic loser is strong in this one. 0
Shrooms and ice cream. 0
Please don't give them ideas - I like our space program. 0
They could stare him down. 0
Why is he so easily baited? 0
So few realize this. 0
Beb Jush. 0
So did 98 other people. 0
Cosmic microwave background noise 0
Do you have a source for the claim that nyt has a second peice planned about that I keep seeing you guys repeat that claim but have yet to see any evidence 0
Fake account 0
I'm just gonna let that hang like the bad fart it is... 0
The goal of this and the mandate for the Post Office to amass a huge retirement fund overly quickly is to force the Post Office out of business to enable privatization and higher rates. 0
Couldn't find it I guess? 0
Perfect year for third parties 0
What a convenient way for you to divert from having to address the actual article... 0
You are willing to believe shady people whose stories fit your personal belief over conflicting statements by an organization whose sole purpose is to investigate. 0
The edges should be sharpened! 0
You underestimate the stupidity of the masses. 0
Funny a lot of companies have been doing that lately. 0
This is a ridiculous comment with absolutely no basis in reality. 0
When you say gun nuts you sound like a child and lose all credibility. 0
**Breitbart.com**: *Desperately trying to find any poll that suggests our guy is not getting beaten worse than the Washington Generals* 0
China hasn't annexed a foreign country in the past decade... 0
thank mr skkkeltal 0
Has anything relevant been said on this show since its inception? 0
He also sympathized with the Palestinians in spite of it. 0
People don't want to think their candidate is not perfect. 0
Agreed. 0
Because conspiracy theorists would have a fit. 0
They already get paid overtime for that. 0
Does anyone actually have standing to sue before he wins the general? 0
A Dem sweep would most assuredly not give his policies a chance to be enacted because the establishment has very clearly shown they don't give two shits about his policies or his supporters. 0
Come back and say this in 2 weeks. 0
Fascism is real and Trump is the leader of fascist America. 0
They have that on paper. 0
"Triple Trump ""It's finger-drumpfing good!""" 0
Donald doesn't read these comments. 0
How? 0
It is really sad to see. 0
Did it hurt your feelings? 0
... the only TRUE way to fully ignore the gay marriage... 0
Not to mention timed how they wanted as well. 0
"And you can make damn sure the 2020 D nominee will have to deal with an onslaught of ""Why are you apologizing for America"" bullshit just like Obama did." 0
Bill Clinton grew up dirt poor. 0
The article also addresses this. 0
I hope no one is surprised by this after what a disaster his brother was. 0
"If you ask around at a prison the answer is ""all of them""." 0
The silver lining to Trump: Iowans might finally fire this senile jackass. 0
Not sure what bridges have to do with your healthcare costs. 0
The Cringe Factor should be a youtube channel where it focuses on the idiocy of Fox News. 0
Would think they would be the group most opposed to someone who constantly draws comparisons to Mussolini and Hitler 0
Thanks to Obamacare I can. 0
I am confused Ron Paul and berries Sanders are very far apart on issues 0
Meet the RepuliKardashians 0
People are fucking idiots. 0
I think you may have left your caps lock on. 0
hilarious? 0
Because if you accuse Clinton of wrongdoing then obviously you're doing the Russians' bidding and are a traitor to America. 0
ZOMG is that you Jon Stewart? 0
well good thing their pals on the left want to disarm everyone. 0
FUD much? 0
Blasty McBlastface. 0
"Show me which medical disease is exclusive to ""islamic terrorists""" 0
How is this about politics again? 0
Why would you deprive us of all this mocking material? 0
This is just a distraction from Hillary's email scandal. 0
Some guy saying Trump is anti-worker and lying about party unity. 0
the money our government wastes goes to their comrades pockets 0
You can think what you want but she has not been charged with anything 0
It's got to be increasingly difficult to both be a Republican and a woman simultaneously in today's Republican party. 0
TIL my harassment doenst matter because someone else somewhere got harassed too 0
Republican In Name Only 0
Not when the bar is lowered to the level of a petulant fourteen year old. 0
You mean they don't have another porn starlet to trot out to dominate the news cycle for a day and talk about Trump blowing her an unwanted kiss a decade ago? 0
papa's in the house! 0
ok then 0
He's only been here 15 hours 0
I would personally be happy if it was mandated that all Washington officials took a few intro level computer science or IT classes so that they weren't all technologically retarded. 0
Correction: He would have far less reason to tweet if he wasn't such a degenerate. 0
Is there something that Obama would not consider taxing ? 0
"""Nothing to see here please move along...."" Officer Barbrady" 0
You forgot gaudy and tasteless. 0
Blame white people. 0
It's fine work for a government job. 0
Make your bet with that guy that's going to lose $2800. 0
What does a mortar proof embassy look like? 0
It will let her cry martyr and probably raise enough money to live off of for years. 0
You hope. 0
You as well my polite friend. 0
This! 0
Is he planning on giving them that biased media survey he posted as a test? 0
His brand is getting re labeled ''Scion' 0
He opened Pandora's Basket 0
The police should go pro on this issue. 0
Too bad the party(s) you vote for is actively against anybody but the white and rich (and straight and male). 0
"Read that as ""Paul Ryan hands 2020 nomination to John Kasich.""" 0
you spelled constitutional right- nut wrong. 0
You're going to have a hard life. 0
"I call them ""suckers""" 0
"I thought he looked shell shocked as well but I took it as something more like ""I have no idea what I'm doing.""" 0
It's the republican way. 0
I don't mind looking like a conspiracy theorist if that is how you call it. 0
Absolutely. 0
Something anti-Hillary probably 0
Sane republican = oxymoron 0
Lol. 0
And the wet dreams of right Libertarians 0
Good. 0
I think he's referring to everyone assuming guilt despite not having all the information regarding the investigation. 0
Yet they want the corrupt to fix the problem. 0
What are the odds that such a thing won't be 100% overrun by identity politics? 0
It's like watching a demolition derby where the entrants are driving cars stolen from the arena's parking lot. 0
Hypocrite Hillary. 0
It hadn't occurred to me yet but I guess the minimum wage fight won't be going anywhere for awhile? 0
I just know I'll have no respect for either Obama or Clinton if they rescind his nomination and I don't see them doing that 0
He lied about that? 0
But if Silicon Valley secedes who's going to run their H-1B program? 0
Mass has a lot of students but a large number of them aren't in state residents 0
Hillary's team is just savage. 0
My thoughts exactly. 0
Without consent. 0
You can stop playing the game they've tricked everyone into playing by voting third party. 0
Enjoy not having to work for a living. 0
Donald Trump would be beat by either Democratic candidate (save O'Mally). 0
I was told the Bernie and Mitch would do a caber toss event to determine the next president. 0
I'm all for helping those that are fiscally responsible too. 0
its safer than coffee. 0
We past the point of discussion when the user resorted to platitudes and rhetoric. 0
After you have gone through it you will say otherwise. 0
What a Dick. 0
Oh boy.... 0
Strong side! 0
That Ryan photo-op looks like a stock photo from one of those stock sites. 0
Totally fair point 0
This is a perfect example of Canadian smugness 0
What's so lame about wanting to have the widest audience possible? 0
Buy some capital letters. 0
It sucks but I could legitimately see him not doing well because of his name 0
a) not my claim b) you made the first unsubstantiated claim 0
Even on reddit you can find someone to tell you that facts are racist. 0
That great Newt plan and then Romney care.... 0
"""fixed""" 0
Theft is a legal distinction and I can assure you we allow the government to levy a tax as elected representatives see fit. 0
Donald is having a hard time keeping his lies straight 0
She has a masters in public health from a top school 0
"She'll just say ""prove it"" and we'll all remember about how he has top men in Hawaii who are going to find Obama's birth certificate any day now." 0
Nice visual. 0
Republicans want another major war and they won't stop whining until they get it. 0
Trump's list is a Cruz wet dream. 0
Yep 0
The Social Conservative party? 0
The 2% has control over the big guns as well. 0
LePage was citing a specific binder. 0
Power to do what exactly? 0
What was false about either headline? 0
Using the Sandy Hook shooting as an example of why this sort of legislation needs to be passed is certainly an example of deceptive and dishonest politicing. 0
And california 0
I don't think you could hope to have them forgiven but refinancing seems like a reasonable stance. 0
"So that's where ""pussy"" comes from?" 0
Just another reason that you can't overstate the importance and necessity of early and mail voting. 0
people just dont report it because then they can't post headlines that incite fears of racism 0
You argument is still invalid 0
getting rid of districts is the easiest and best way to get rid of 'first past the post' edit; with exception of the presidential elections 0
Maybe he just won't run in 2020. 0
"I just noticed yesterday that a Starbucks canned drink I had said ""Produced in part using Genetic Engineering processes""" 0
Well said. 0
Who hasn't the KKK supported this election cycle? 0
That's the joke. 0
at least you can say they are trying their darndest! 0
"insert shameless plug for ""corruption brand"" hot sauce" 0
Go in and spoil your ballot then. 0
Yeah but there's no way you can know *anything* about Syria unless you know about Aleppo.... That's like saying you know what Texan independence means without knowing the Alamo 0
Did you know the NRA endorsed 58 Democrats for the House races back in 2008? 0
Its a temporary truce between the Sanders loyalists and Trump supporters teaming up to shit on the DNC and Clinton. 0
I'm not even religious and I'd rather have pope francis run this star spangled shit show than that moron 0
But if they own him then he will stump for them 0
Bernie has narrowed the gap by 9 points in a week in a half in the state of Oklahoma 0
But the whole country needs to become my safe space! 0
Too legit to quit. 0
*cough* *cough* - **9** - *cough* *clears throat* **11**! 0
I thought that ~~link~~ lie was WMD. 0
Payroll tax: increase in the Social Security portion of the payroll tax from 4.2 percent to 6.2 percent for workers 0
why not move to england? 0
You trust your money with thieves? 0
Classy. 0
The site is madder than a badger in a bag. 0
Great ad. 0
or Yoopers... ;) 0
Didn't help Kasich. 0
You'd prefer a 100% loss? 0
Nice strawman. 0
Assistant to the co-founder 0
What could possibly go wrong. 0
Your argument would be more convincing if you knew what the fuck you were talking about. 0
Ya well go eat your tax and remember to pray. 0
He's saying there's no clear evidence that she intended any of that classified info to be received by or be handed over to someone who wasn't authorized to see it. 0
Or the truth 0
"How is trying to avoid FOIA requests a ""manufactured controversy""?" 0
Misleading headlines are misleading for a reason. 0
What on Earth are you babbling about? 0
Yeah Reddit has never heard of dialectics before. 0
Unlike his hands. 0
You must live in Mexico. 0
What she doesn't explain is why the people who America helped against the Soviets decided to turn against them. 0
It literally is. 0
"Title one of them ""*It Almost Happened Here*"" as a counter point to Sinclair Lewis' semi-satirical political novel ""*It Can't Happen Here*""" 0
Like his 4% yearly economic growth plan stimulated by a massive tax cut on the wealthiest people in the country 0
Electile Dysfunciton is more like it. 0
it's there - just click a few more times.... 0
Joe the Feeder. 0
yeah i got a little hyped up a Xl coffee.....i know better than to type and hype..... 0
An election where a candidate has strongly spoken against the war on drugs... 0
What's that whole thing about it being easier to fit a camel through the eye of a needle than a rich man getting into heaven? 0
It's amazing that so many Trump supporters at this moment care what Haitians think...I'm sure they're extremely willing to hear their opinions on Donald Trump and a variety of other US Political topics... 0
Palin! 0
Huge... tracts of land. 0
Surprisingly Hillary has been silent on this and hasn't called for a recount. 0
More like a Lord of the Flies thing. 0
Because you can't dare talk bad about the mods' beloved queen 0
"""Only""" 0
Schadenfreude is a thing. 0
Need more Democrats like this. 0
Oh cool. 0
You could say he whips himself into a froth about it. 0
How old would be be in 2020? 0
Donald Trump's intellect also one of the smallest in recent Presidential history. 0
Sit on these nuts. 0
We won't be hearing from Fox on how much it will cost the Tax Payers for Donald to be a commuter to the White House. 0
Most of the upvotes are coming from people who want others to know how crazy this guy is. 0
That's where the author of the piece ends things as well: Clinton should own it and claim that she can use her insider status to lift more people up/bring more people in. 0
No. 0
It's going to be studied and picked apart for decades 0
"""Reversal"" = caring deeply what Howard Dean tweeted" 0
we are almost reaching a british mp level of banter almost 0
The Donalds brigade again. 0
For memes 0
sad that this wasn't shown during the 2008 election. 0
I await the onion article about someone who switched their support to Sanders after getting to work late because of her using the same train they did 0
You kidding? 0
"And starts off by stating ""you don't have to like her.""" 0
Trump doesn't count for that. 0
Someone's been reading their *Fight Club*. 0
"I don't want to deal with the ""Obamacare Recession of 2019""" 0
Well... there's YouTube... 0
Thank you for voting! 0
I can't vote for anyone who doesn't realize it's a rights issue. 0
Not at all lol I don't advocate murder when I don't like people. 0
Allegedly. 0
So the fact it's impractical is purely coincidental. 0
*slow clap* 0
What'd she do to Bernie? 0
Should've changed it after 2000. 0
"I think you nailed that one...they hear ""rebuild the military"" and see all the additional taxpayer money they can get" 0
it's always a trap ;) 0
I think it's more that it's been posted ten times in 3 minutes 0
Color me shocked that George Soros has influence on our politicians when he's donated millions to Priorities USA Action. 0
Which is why I advocate public finance for R&amp;D instead of the tort system of drug preview option for rich people. 0
Him dropping out wouldn't unify the party. 0
It went _okay_ 0
The problem isnt men it's republicans 0
Dribble. 0
Who are you calling animals? 0
Just how old are you? 0
Are they wearing Brooks Brothers? 0
Bye bye 0
What about if that woman is poor and needs government assistance? 0
Those jobs are meaningless economic vampires if while working the people don't produce anything 0
No one has yet shown that they endangered EVERYONE IN THE UNITED STATES 0
Heard that! 0
Because trump is so shitty people got used to it and it's fucking insane. 0
your ignorance is impressive 0
Thank You! 0
They started supporting a less qualified white guy (Trump) so they stopped caring about qualifications. 0
must be another pesky smear campaign run by the Republicans! 0
That'll convince the American people he's presidential! 0
"I feel like people are mistaking his obnoxious confidence for ""honesty""" 0
It's been said already. 0
What policies would you want her to enact to make black families stay together? 0
He is into edging. 0
Ecuador must be John Kerry's nickname 0
If Trump wins you should start learning Russian 0
the conspiratorial mind a weak mind that gives more credence to flights of fancy than facts and reality 0
You actually can though because she has what's called a voting record and previous history of advocating strongly for liberal positions and platforms. 0
/thread 0
Lifting your skirt to show your ass and twerk it in public kinda does tho 0
Because my constitutional rights override his tyrannical beliefs. 0
Perjury is illegal. 0
There's literally nothing short of a new constitution that could change that 0
More than a few religious right-wingers are Catholic but most are not. 0
Imagine if he had said she was a terrible SoS. 0
Iraq 2020 0
Are you part of some adult debate club or something? 0
Bernie will cause further corruption with his insane taxes. 0
How so? 0
Hopefully the documents soon become available to the public. 0
This election isn't even over and already he's whining. 0
I like calling him Billy the Rapist. 0
That is why I use VPN. 0
I am just one person but thanks 0
The autobahn works pretty well for Germany. 0
Started? 0
Your analogy is not applicable because the two systems obey different rules. 0
like the DARPA challenge is always fun to watch 0
even talking points can be classified 0
"""Pokemon GO to the polls""" 0
he is at 85% 0
"That would make a great college textbook: A Handful of Events with Winter in between: A History of The Peace Garden State.""" 0
*tiny claps* 0
Trump isn't a neocon like Clinton so I'm not sure why you're singling him out. 0
And getting worse everyday... 0
No legal precedent from the Supreme Court that I'm aware to suggest that but I think it's sketchy. 0
I think you meant they are finishing with the 2nd Amendment. 0
Mad respect for my governor. 0
Jeez the times we live in. 0
Who would've thought being educated and disliking Trump had a correlation? 0
Why the hell do they need a nativity scene in a gorram court house? 0
I believe it's both - he benefits from fearmongering AND he's a fucking moron. 0
Carpentry? 0
facepalm 0
Nader 4 Life 0
"And people are willing to defend these scum for being ""job creators""." 0
Why not kasich? 0
Well the only reason it doesn't work is because hitler wasn't an inarticulate orange orangutan. 0
Increased crime rates! 0
Pretty sure there's nothing to stop you whether this bill is passed or not. 0
Technically there is little evidence that global warming made Katrina significantly worse. 0
Will you accept refugees from the desolate Southlands? 0
The left died a while before that. 0
Germany's implimentation of this has worked quite well. 0
What about people like me who don't have a smartphone? 0
Coincidence that the FAA is finding it difficult to find funding recently? 0
"They've owned up to it pretty well and discussed how they played ""pundit"" when they shouldn't have." 0
Hey I just found out how we can give the Republicans an instant tax rate cut 0
Hoo-as 0
One of my bucket list items is to do the Charleston on Nixon's grave. 0
Would you agree it was inevitable jobs such as the textile industry would eventually have been lost to countries who could do it much cheaper such as Singapore? 0
I have a feeling that we are seeing the beginning of the new birth certificatesque non-scandal scandal. 0
The sad think is that Buddy the dog is better informed than most of the candidate's base and knew better than to vote for her. 0
And generations of felons. 0
He's going after the Dixon vote. 0
This might be the only time I ever say this: I wish my state would follow Mississippi's lead. 0
"If West endorsed her Breitbart's headline would read ""Radical BLM Supporter Loves Clinton""" 0
Because just because you're wrong once doesn't mean that you're wrong all the time. 0
pitchforks will be subsidized! 0
"Committing the No True Scotsman fallacy is a central pillar of the ""gun rights advocates"" position." 0
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck 0
Insofar as you're a cuck 0
Good lord these troll accounts... 0
no they made quite clear they are 0
Haha yeah buddy northern virginia is sooo much more interesting than Boston... 0
It's like the DNC can't wait to see trump elected by putting up this abysmal candidate with enough baggage to sink the entire country. 0
I think that was the primary goal of the cult of Trump from the beginning 0
These actions are too late. 0
Normal people also are never in the position Hillary has been in. 0
Sounds like your son mighta caught the Gay from one of them *LIEberal* professors! 0
We knew this like the day of...its been discussed before... 0
Doubt he's laughing. 0
How much does Correct the Record pay you guys? 0
I would call this a blog before an article. 0
It's like when my wife calls me a dick and I call her a bitch...we don't get divorced...we just laugh. 0
I feel like failing to protect America against ISIS is a bigger disqualification for president. 0
He totally got shafted by the voters 0
Excellent point. 0
"There is no way this bs gets upvoted to the front page every damn day because of a secret army of ""4000 anti-Bernie people"" No way at all." 0
There's really no reason to argue with an idiot. 0
Username checks out 0
Your name fits. 0
Ron paul would beg to differ 0
Fox News 0
As someone said of the Confederacy ....It died of a theory. 0
She should demand a jury trial. 0
I got all of that music from Groupees for a couple of dollars last year. 0
Isn't Obama a moderate republican? 0
"I don't think anything regarding this incident should be considered ""amazing""..." 0
I never claimed anything of the sort. 0
Or the repubs could simply approve the Senate's bill. 0
"""down our throats""" 0
They just hate anyone who doesn't make at least seven figures a year. 0
Won't you be in for a surprise then. 0
There are Gypsies but very few 0
Rumors are that he might do an independent bid (in order to tank Trump). 0
So Hoyer just guaranteed a shutdown. 0
SO BRAVE! 0
Along with their Democrat counterparts... Or perhaps the Democrats are secretly Cybermen? 0
No you 0
You do realise that you are in the global 1% yes? 0
That would go against his policy of not accepting any money from wealthy people or organizations. 0
Looks like Palin didn't get the VA job. 0
ONLY if those sweaters are sleeveless. 0
"I can't imagine anyone actually wanted to ""hear"" this..." 0
then you are honestly dishonest. 0
I think a lot are realizing that this is no normal economic downturn and it will take time. 0
I am sure her answer to the change would be that it was an editor or publisher decision/mistake. 0
I live in Kentucky and am afraid that's what Bevin is going to do if he hasn't already. 0
The point is it shouldn't be your responsibility (government) or the companies responsibility- it should be the individual's responsibility. 0
HODOR! 0
Okay. 0
Nope 0
This is a market correction after the drop when Trump was announced the winner. 0
Okay so I guess you know everything and have never had a brain freeze in your life over something important/obvious. 0
Am I racist for thinking he wasn't waving that flag for historic purposes? 0
I believe that libertarian philosophy would have states determine their own policies on voting. 0
It's Propagandtastic! 0
I don't get why Hilary can't just recount all the embassy attacks that occurred under GOP presidencies when she's on the stand. 0
just as much as they love their minimum wage job(s) (plural because one is never enough) right here in the good ol USA ... dreaming of those good ol days when textile mills were here. 0
T_d doesn't care 0
why was the person sterilized in oregon? 0
So you like everything about her. 0
Considering she already admitted there will be.... I don't believe you. 0
You do know that most refugees are women and children right? 0
Now that's one party I would gladly NOT want to attend 0
"I think she said ""they want your name to put on the nomination"" No idea though" 0
So no go for the racist socialist Senator 0
Why don't you take the money you're blowing on your lawyers and do something useful like feed some homeless people. 0
"That's ""Old America "" talk... ""new amerika"" is a workers paradise where streets are paved with gold and every citizen will be millionaire and have beautiful model wife and finest motor car surrounded by huge wall" 0
This article defines Senator Sanders and his campaign very clearly. 0
And didn't we learn that that's pay-for-play if done through the Clinton Foundation? 0
Told you Trump's a genius. 0
Yes. 0
Apparently that is incorrect. 0
The fact -- especially post-Bush -- that we have not repealed the *undemocratic* Electoral College is concert-loud testimony of just how broken our political system is. 0
Bruh 0
Too bad if he puts Christie as AG it wouldn't matter 0
Republicans are the kings of debt. 0
It represents the Sanders demographic 0
Too late. 0
Haha... ha... ha :( 0
Boooooooooo... Get off the stage. 0
Thanks! 0
That's for sure... 0
Bingo. 0
Except she is 1/32 Native American which was what is recognized as having ancestry. 0
Not to mention the Republican promises to find Hillary guilty of lying about her emails and lock her up! 0
Divide and conquer. 0
Gore didn't even win his home state. 0
This is the dumbest fucking shit since rape sperm. 0
Forget the river; we need to put it six feet deep. 0
The Trump bots are getting worried. 0
Anyone is better than hillary. 0
ikr? 0
I think they're more upset over the lack of spending cuts. 0
If he were really sorry he'd post his phone number. 0
An open market needs to consist of more than the government sanctioned monopoly player. 0
I'm not considering them supporters. 0
I have read a few of conman's depositions and those mentioned in the post aren't even the most twisted logic of the conman. 0
Thatsthejoke.mp3 0
Well now the government considers citizens as an enemy... 0
umm.. who cares (other than the Democrats who want to keep Palin in the spotlight in hopes that the Republican voters will be stuck with her in 2012 instead of being able to support and vote for a real candidate). 0
And Clinton was not at all itching for war right? 0
Care to show those mails. 0
Fuck yes but you have to believe in science to accept the proof. 0
Social libertarians. 0
NSA: we will kill congressman's bill. 0
It's going to be so bad that a shooting outside will probably be better for him than a non-incident convention. 0
The military considers it their annual budget. 0
I can not WAIT for the re-mixes! 0
Are you my coworker? 0
So Hillarys conceding in the morning? 0
That's not at all accurate. 0
Can't we just ask Brian Williams? 0
And when he chose what to reply... he chose poorly. 0
According to the ACA you now have a legal right to affordable healthcare including birch control for women. 0
Oh yeah... because we all throw riots and those weren't isolated events. 0
Das nichst du. 0
Here's a conspiracy theory: Maybe Pence and Conway are purposefully discouraging Trump from attending these briefings so Trump doesn't go tweeting classified information at 3 am. 0
Maybe the notorious 4chan hacker can get with Wikileaks and really bring it down! 0
Did Sanders release all of his?. 0
Likewise. 0
I think this is called trying to make a silk purse from a pig skin. 0
I think having killer skybots blowing holes in Middle East is a pretty firm acknowledgment. 0
Yes 0
They all had their election year jitters in their ears. 0
Thanks Canada. 0
Guilty until proven innocent! 0
Would you have liked Castro or someone just like him to take over the US and rule it like Castro just to have better healthcare. 0
I still want to see that debate. 0
God no 0
She really is the Democrat version of Nixon. 0
At least the smart public 0
Friends of cancer? 0
Didn't that fuck head Bloomberg donate an order of magnitude more than the NRA ever has? 0
And yet isn't inflation at an historical low? 0
I like Tres Esposas 0
Then why vote for Clinton if you want the worse candidate to lose? 0
What else could that bulge be in the front of her pantsuit? 0
"No you just Circle Jerk over wordpress blogs that ""Uncover the truth"" with outdated and out of context screenshots." 0
Business as usual for these teabaggers. 0
"How I read your post: ""I want all the benefits of living in a first-world country but I don't want to pay for them.""" 0
Yes he is. 0
But it has. 0
Looks like lots of her voting demographic in there. 0
"""Uniting""" 0
You mean it's not the US Department of Yoga server? 0
I think the point is that all they have go do now is hold majorities and elect a president. 0
Bill is probably afraid of his wife. 0
This makes it acceptable to violate the rights of actual American citizens? 0
The two are actually pretty good friends. 0
Agreed. 0
Doubt Trump supporters realize this song is about them 0
The overreaction to terrorist attacks is calculated to control the population on economic issues. 0
"your name should be ""malINformed"" take your bleating elsewhere." 0
He says both. 0
Faith healing 0
The ACA extended the life of SS. 0
Clearly she is not transparent.. I don't like or trust her... but shouldn't we have a reference point to know if her behavior regarding press conferences is abnormal or not? 0
The idea that there is no escape from surveillance is an excellent perspective to instill to control behavior. 0
Jury nullification is a thing. 0
Tell your buddy to get a UPIN. 0
How do you see a cry bully like Elizabeth Warren doing well? 0
Yeah I'm sure you won't because /you're lying/ 0
Correct the monetary base would rise by $1t. 0
#GOP's top shots: *Sarah Palin *Michelle Bachman *Donald Trump * ______________ 0
Grab her by the face. 0
If it'd Grey Poupon then it's American AF we just slapped a french sounding name on it to sound fancy. 0
keeping people from poisoning the atmosphere and forcing me to buy a monopolized service are two totally different things sir. 0
Vote Peace and Freedom or Green Phewck the conservative Democratic may the DNC burn with that corporate money they just agreed to suck up and spend on Hillary and the elected who support her. 0
Sometimes it just takes a kick in the nuts to wake people up. 0
Throwing money at the problem is not going to help. 0
4D chess 0
One could do exactly the same with Bernie quotes. 0
Reported for spam 0
False equivalence. 0
Well golly fucking gee ... wonder why? 0
Imagine if Hillary Clinton were caught on tape talking about grabbing men by their dicks. 0
Even the darkest cloud can have a silver lining 0
Other than have the most progressive party platform of all time 0
You're just jumping to conclusions based on evidence that isn't there yet. 0
...also 0
you just can't see the big picture 0
I know one guy but his dad was one of the biggest super7 Lito winners in history and the treatment was experimental and cost them most of their winnings in the long rum 0
palin's a dumb cunt who's whoring it up for fox news and collecting all the green she can. 0
So he wants to raise the effective rate. 0
It's a reference to a movie (and a remake of said movie). 0
Unfortunately rent control isn't as prevalent as it used to be. 0
Wow who paid for this article ? 0
This mentality is why millennials can't get jobs in their profession. 0
Those swedes are best served worrying about their wives and children being raped by Muslims than who represents the Democratic party in the US. 0
fake news 0
TIL Thomas Jefferson was a socialist. 0
Hopefully the Gropenatator didnt get close enough to her to grab her by the.... 0
And how is it socialist? 0
I hold out hope for Clooney. 0
Them transcripts. 0
Because? 0
Wasn't she one of the ones who had an affair with Ted Cruz? 0
"Democrat motto: ""Never let a good crisis go to waste""." 0
SHe was no long the SoS at that time. 0
Very true. 0
Bernie should definitely choose him as a running mate. 0
yeah because donald trump is our current frontrunner. 0
How does not wanting to admit people who circumvented the legal immigration process equate to murder? 0
Brady hasn't said anything in any of this 0
In honor of Virginia's Confederate History Month. 0
You need to read more good. 0
Yeah it was really close in the pledged delegates and more so in the popular vote. 0
According to the New York Post... 0
How reich you are. 0
Please be sure to vote for Gary Johnson if you are in favor of privatized prisons! 0
That's not the same at all and you know it. 0
And he is up in the polls. 0
I am really hoping that Ron Paul supporters might rein in the GOP. 0
"They aren't done running against the phantom of the ""Bush Disaster"" of the oil wars and Great Recession." 0
I like turtles 0
She is the greatest sheep herder this country has ever seen. 0
They voted with their brains and not with their organs like Hillary wanted them to. 0
...his dinner order? 0
Someone didn't read the article. 0
Are Benghazi victims allowed to speak? 0
"""Do you like gladiator movies?""" 0
"Take ""The Clintons?""" 0
rioting is the language of the unheard after all Sent from my iPhone 7; retweeted to Twitter and reposted to Facebook via IFTTT. 0
FBI Primary. 0
seriously stop. 0
You should see the demographics for facebook and twitter. 0
Signed. 0
Conventional media is corrupt media. 0
Or as Advent Loyalists 0
I'm not certain I'm ready to support the other alternatives. 0
Or repealing suffrage. 0
It leaves open the possibility that Clinton was an idiot who didn't know any better. 0
...He said after coming to the conclusion that the tax increases he would suffer for his attempts to control uteruses just really weren't worth it. 0
Total moron for thinking this would ever take off. 0
Polls. 0
Klan rallies perhaps. 0
Trump's the kind of guy your founding fathers warned you about. 0
This seems like the type of logic Comey used to keep Clinton innocent 0
I think if the gun lobby would push for making this available it would look great to average citizens and seem like they are wanting to do their part. 0
Amen! 0
But the advertisers win! 0
Huckabee is still ~~ruining~~ running? 0
times 20 probably 0
Standard of living is not the same thing as economic equality. 0
Good luck with that. 0
Whatever happens will happen. 0
The alt-right is the most inclusive group ever to accept a gay jew brit. 0
Trump is the one who is keeping this story in the headlines .. you have no one to blame but your God-Emperor on this one. 0
I like to think I started calling this place a propaganda source before it was cool. 0
Maybe in the south. 0
OMGDJFD you are literally Hitler.. Stop assuming my gender 0
Intergalactic civil war? 0
He's into BDSM. 0
I haven't checked her website today but isn't Hillary still against it too? 0
I'm unsure how that affects the validity of her words on an entirely unrelated matter. 0
2edgy 0
Oh Honey 0
That's the opposite of obstructionism... 0
THAT'S NUMBERWANG! 0
That is one white rally 0
Fox News viewers will. 0
Who? 0
This shit doesn't even happen in Ankh-Morpork. 0
"Prediction: Trump's next early morning tweetstorm will be aimed at ""unfunny"" SNL on ""failing"" NBC and ""hasbeen"" Alec Baldwin" 0
SCOTUS tho. 0
Which is probably what he says to every woman he meets 0
But there wasn't a three month+ witch hunt over romneys taxes rite? 0
Is preventing them from having the guns also going to prevent the crazy? 0
There is a tendency in articles like this to present the case as if the population of violent criminals is representative of the general population and never provide any evidence that is true. 0
What time is it in Russia? 0
The ludovico technique comes to mind comrade. 0
r/thathappened 0
Monsanto is evil but GMOs are not.. 0
She can't win for losing. 0
he has a black kid tho so it's cool 0
You are aware that the victim never saw a drug dog? 0
Welcome aboard 0
So how do you know what percentage they represent? 0
Applying logic to nonsense doesn't make the nonsense logical. 0
The Donald Coalition have flooded this sub reddit by down voting all the pro DNC articles and upvoting anything and everything that could be divisive. 0
Don't quote me on this but I'm pretty sure an individual could own a god damned cannon. 0
And a fifth of her supporters think she's a criminal 0
Write enough editorials and eventually one is right. 0
Their last update was before the debate too. 0
Ill vote Democrat until republicans stop trying to steal my right to vote. 0
I mean the SCOTUS chose Bush. 0
Jeb Bush approves. 0
Imgur may though 0
Hillary *is* the DNC leadership. 0
ba-dum tss 0
wat? 0
"I propose ""Dick Cheney's Heart""." 0
I imagine it's a bit gamey but probably an easier sell to call it free ranged. 0
Roof fall freedom! 0
- Winston Churchill 0
Every Scott walker story here has one guy make the Obama mama claim and never once has one of them linked to a source 0
Wish this could have been on the front page when the_duped voted up Trumps tweet claiming people only started claiming a Russian hack after Hillary lost. 0
He seen Gates' name and seen something negative about himself and started ranting. 0
I don't think you can sue someone for invading your privacy after you give them your e-mail and login information and sign a release form... just saying. 0
She or Bernie Sanders are the only two people I can find myself excited about in 2016. 0
Obama should have carpet-bombed Nice. 0
Or just runs the footage of him saying whites can't be poor and that he will raise taxes 0
What do you know about bird law? 0
That is fine with this liberal Democratic voter and for many reasons. 0
Yet former presidents of Mexico making threats are probably fine. 0
Lou Dobbs is the Sean Hannity of Fox Business. 0
Lindsey Graham hates the truth. 0
lol 0
You seemed confused because you claimed i ruined the city that was ruined by the left 0
lol 0
The proposed reboot I was in favor of took place in 1985. 0
Then a different incompetent group of individuals will control the Senate. 0
lmfao delusion 0
You can't get through it with a pair of wire cutters 0
you certainly care enough to reply. 0
So a gun puts your average citizen on par with a violent criminal. 0
The fact that we have birth tourism is a point in favor of we are doing it wrong. 0
That shit had me rolling on the floor. 0
he has said both 0
About the only thing they have in common is not being in touch with the majority of Americans. 0
"I think you meant ""mother fuckah jones""." 0
California is a big state which means a lot of delegates for the winner. 0
The Supreme Court ruled it constitutional so by the constitution it is their right. 0
That happens when you don't read the bills you vote on. 0
So you'd like to have Cruz or Trump be president? 0
Bernie is just not the same since Hillary sunk her hooks into him. 0
What are they running? 0
More people will vote for her? 0
#K. 0
Exactly. 0
So does everyone else. 0
Party of No 0
I didn't find anything there that I would argue against. 0
Tomorrow O'Keefe will release a highly edited version of the debate. 0
The problem is in seeing *blowing things up* as the optimal solution. 0
Shadow Priest? 0
This is disgusting on so many levels. 0
As soon as hinted that he might not be as wealthy as he claims he went into full meltdown mode 0
Feeding the trolls.. 0
Does Trump pray? 0
It doesn't seem that anything illegal happened. 0
You are either dumb or racist! 0
If they live that long 0
Ever since this election cycle began it's been only the Republicans talking about wanting to return to slavery &amp; deny women the right to vote. 0
It's not even a point. 0
"Believe he prefers ""socialist capitalist"" or something like that." 0
Too bad almost every year a bill comes up in congress to give a mere 10 days paid vacation...and never makes it out of committee. 0
"I'm saying that the ""fact checkers"" in Mittens case used facts and TP here is using polls." 0
Im just saying that muslim nations and organisations wish they had the military capabilities to take over non-muslim nations. 0
I have to say I'm really not comfortable with this. 0
OUTRAGED. 0
Lol a drug dealer on welfare would actually be an example of abuse Hahahahahaha 0
I think we will have enough to turn the Mediterranean into the Dead Sea. 0
Do they have bad necks or something ? 0
Yep and he was mercilously slandered and back doored by Reagan and the GOP on the hostages while they made a deal to delay negotiations. 0
Otherwise known as NAMBLA? 0
"""It's what we've all been thinking""" 0
"""The Hispanics just got 10 feet taller!""" 0
I voted 0
Trump would've actually won by 97% like Ramzan Kadyrov &amp; Kim Jong Un. 0
Wang has it at 80% at least. 0
So you think that Clinton would have won the south if it hadn't been? 0
Tea of course! 0
and some people say.... 0
I hope they can get Hillary's speech transcripts 0
I'm not wearing hockey pads 0
We just have to hope that Mexico doesn't develop cutting edge ladder technology. 0
Funny because reality has a liberal bias. 0
18 for most 21 if you were in college I believe. 0
Source? 0
90 some days ago i think 0
All I know is there hasn't been a mass shooting since then and homicides are down as well as bungleries. 0
I like Dino ! 0
...but some people are willing to sacrifice four years if it means a true progressive in 2020. 0
That person also happens to be the most well known politician in the world who isn't president. 0
The sheer volume of Trump's 0
Trump fans don't believe in charity. 0
Calling it a historical upset means that he has little chance of winning as he currently stands. 0
Well excuse me Nostradamus 0
Then you should go there and talk to like half of people walking down the damn street 0
It could be inaccurate and thus be infuriating. 0
Must continue witch hunt.... 0
She had better watch her tone. 0
You want free air statist? 0
She'll be free once the newest model comes out. 0
I think the Pope can decide for himself what to talk about... 0
I've never experienced that because I work in a very conservative industry and all of my family is far-right so I'm not used to dealing with other liberals. 0
Meanwhile they need more funding to figure out how a kleenex box always has a new tissue ready. 0
History repeats itself 0
Also during : ) 0
Im hearing them on the radio. 0
Ever hear of context? 0
I say butcher them all if that's what it takes to stop the attacks. 0
Having more money doesn't always correlate to having extra customers. 0
They created an electorate that demands idiocy. 0
Pence is douche. 0
Will you explain what you mean about my guy? 0
not a casino. 0
Pretty sure he got rid of Manafort because of the whole Ukraine thing. 0
His hair won't let him leave the apartment. 0
Notice now it has BOT Removal on it. 0
It's amazing that there's so little going on in your life that a small grammar mistake sets you off. 0
Trump could very well lose Utah if Romney backs Johnson. 0
Wonder where the hat is made? 0
Really sticking it to them voting for antiscience community board member with a Twitter account 0
That will definitely limit the field of future candidates. 0
"I would love to be able to ""take a break from being a condescending prick"" if only there weren't so many racist dolts like you for me to condescend." 0
The Donald supporters please submit downvotes to the left. 0
Mustn't feed the trolls... mustn't feed the trolls... mustn't feed the trolls... 0
Not if it's properly funded. 0
Trump suits made in China. 0
she didn't say it ... move on (and I'm not even going to vote for her) 0
"Cuba is hardly relevant to discussions of the ""western world"" which most people understand refers to North America and Europe." 0
You also didn't even make an argument. 0
Not true at all and if you really believe that I just feel bad that the education system failed you so miserably. 0
It's a dark day when China has the moral high ground over the USA. 0
From his rich donors. 0
True 0
source? 0
It's our only hope at this point... 0
They just ran past full retard and went straight to potato. 0
source? 0
Mental health is such an ignored topic. 0
She is the political climate... 0
Pretty sure that came from all the pussy grabbing. 0
Thankfully it's the only plan that covers preexisting conditions of this magnitude. 0
She did say that at the debate but CNN and OpenSecrets fact-checked it as false. 0
That doesn't answer my question. 0
I happen to enjoy creating obscure comments that seem unrelated to the link but I think this is superior on both counts. 0
Hard to get to a polling place when you depend on a Rascal scooter to get around 0
Preventing parents from abusing their children is exactly a fucking matter for laws. 0
It's fresh out of his ass. 0
The police are never justified. 0
benefits cut by 30% 0
That was blatantly obvious after the first debate when he started saying he won all of the (online) debate polls. 0
Source this claim please 0
I actually agree with you on something :) 0
This is walking right into the lions den. 0
Democratic turnout is down millions. 0
It's like there are a ton of people who like him or something. 0
Terrible is a terrible understatement. 0
There is a seamen joke in there somewhere 0
"""Benghazi"" - T. McParty (R-All)" 0
If the minimum wage kept pace with US production it would be just over $20 right now. 0
That explains why my donations wouldn't go through. 0
BigMac 0
Eternally 0
*Are* there tea-partiers on here? 0
Somebody call the waaaaaahaaaaahaaaaaambulance because the Republicans' butt hurts. 0
"Ahh yes *""regulation""*" 0
Meaning the primary is even more important than the general election there 0
"Yeah love how they went from ""if Hillary wins grab your guns it's CIVIL WAR"" to ""omg these sore losers need to accept the results and respect the president""" 0
Vote Hilary: The second worst choice! 0
You realize the percentage of pledged delegates bernie for majority needs keeps going up? 0
Well this isn't current or part of obama care. 0
that all has nothing to do with his plan to break up the banks 0
4 million is couch change. 0
It's both funny and disheartening at the same time. 0
What benefit does Trump receive by not going forward with investigating Hillary? 0
Bill submitted the cookie recipe for that dumbass election cookie contest; he seemed cool with being First Dude. 0
"So much for those ""high tax rates"" that US corporations pay." 0
By rigged system do you mean the 3 million more votes she got? 0
Because she's a loan whore. 0
"I remember my dad(has always been a republican) saying he thought Obama was ""brilliant"" back in 08." 0
Nothing says that the court can't be expanded to 11 if the opportunity arises 0
Any untrained monkey could have hacked into that server in no time. 0
Cue the hoplophobe unable to form an actual argument. 0
It's punctuated with references to The Snatch. 0
What goal post was moved? 0
Last time the press did something remotely like that they were called biased (Sarah Palin in 08) so they ran away and never did it again. 0
There's a lot of money to be made in war. 0
I bet it doesn't cost tax payers an outrageous fortune either. 0
i disagree 0
Cabbage? 0
A vote for Hillary in the primaries was a vote for Trump in the general. 0
Neither is a drivers license. 0
I guess he doesn't want there to be anything left to oppose Putin. 0
I think Hillary does more for Trump and Cruz than she does for the Dems. 0
Pass the popcorn! 0
Switch to hemp. 0
She must be getting a YUGE paycheck (assuming Trump hasn't stiffed her). 0
I'm surprised someone hasn't diagnosed him with Affluenza. 0
Gill... 0
Id ask if you have a source to back that up but pretty sure I know the answer already. 0
They should probably be asking Mitch McConnell 0
Protip: anyone who claims to have predicted the 2000 election is full of shit. 0
Its Sanders: 51% versus Clinton: 36% 0
20% in this case though 0
Only took him a year and a half to figure that out. 0
I'm not an idiot. 0
Ain't nobody got time for that. 0
I find you are unbelievably blind to facts 0
This is how we get a Trump presidency. 0
Or kosher! 0
He talked with the American Taliban all the tea time. 0
I guess it all boils down to what you perceive as a problem. 0
So you're just going to act like the internet can't be used for education or profession? 0
In NY state you need to register or switch to the republican party within 6 months prior to the election. 0
They're still smarter than the folks who voted for Bush/Cheney. 0
Why would I pay for cable when I can just come here for the highlights once a week? 0
I don't think assault is included in the legal consequences of free speech. 0
